Eric Rosenbaum: Me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: last time.
Timothy Sackton: as Kenza was possessed.
Timothy Sackton: bye
Timothy Sackton: the giant spirits. and charged straight into the swirling storm, saying that the weather was fine.
Timothy Sackton: blowing and sparking with lightning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which to be fair from my perspective. It was all fine.
Timothy Sackton: Having little choice. The rest of the party chased after him you totally had a choice. Didn't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's just a
Timothy Sackton: finding themselves, finding yourselves eventually in the center of
Timothy Sackton: storm, collar, tower.
Timothy Sackton: and then managing, remembering the layout managing to follow
Timothy Sackton: the possessed kenzel up to the
Timothy Sackton: the top floor of the tower, where the stairs, as they did the last time you were here. led not to the now where Raulgar was imprisoned, but to a
Timothy Sackton: dreamscape of sorts
Timothy Sackton: Pragars mountain palace.
Timothy Sackton: There you spent some time speaking with Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: who alternately believed himself to be
Timothy Sackton: Allgar or all ours.
Timothy Sackton: friend and
Timothy Sackton: and with named.
Timothy Sackton: until, through clever use of stories
Timothy Sackton: and tales, you manage to remind Trialgar that, in fact, he was trapped in a prison.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: could not escape.
Timothy Sackton: After some discussion in which Vulgar asked for his eyes. And you.
Timothy Sackton: or maybe slightly dubious about giving to them them to him, in the absence of any
Timothy Sackton: commitment, to not cause havoc or to control things which he.
Eric Rosenbaum: for reasons i'm clear to you, said things were not quite so simple.
Timothy Sackton: You are turned to attempt to place the eyes in the statue.
Timothy Sackton: at which point you heard a thrashing from the prison upstairs and ran back to the dreamscape where you saw Prag are kneeling down on one knee, crouched
a
Timothy Sackton: ghostly, haunted version of him.
Timothy Sackton: standing over him, strangling him.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: and that is where we left off.
Timothy Sackton: and i'll give everybody a minute to kind of remember. And look at the layout.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! Why do I have no recollection of that. But okay.
Mike: did the all the talking and chatting in storytelling? Was that long enough to give us a short rest?
Timothy Sackton: No, no, I mean you weren't. You can't just take a short rest while you're
Mike: talking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, the illness did seem kind of bored at 10 points. No, but tel with was the most long-minded one, actually
Eric Rosenbaum: because of her call.
Timothy Sackton: Technically, you can take it, but it fair enough if we didn't see it. You can't get a short rest just any time. There's a pause on the action. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You are engaged in sort of a very complicated
Timothy Sackton: strategic.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Attempt to share.
Mike: Now it's fine, that's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Timothy Sackton: I think, and I remember D. And D Beyond was down for most of
Timothy Sackton: last session. I think I
Timothy Sackton: tracked everything and updated Everybody's D and dB. On character sheets with the spells you cast and stuff. But if anything looks totally off, let me know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine. That's not
Mike: we. We kind of dodged a fight.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Evolution press
Eric Rosenbaum: That
Mike: it was, it was very like.
was very much sure of us
Mike: surprisingly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who are these 2 dudes, one's for all garden ones. This goes presumably
Eric Rosenbaum: so that
Eric Rosenbaum: it goes t0 0ne is the one of the crown
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is how you get this this this layout, Google.
Timothy Sackton: I just found it online.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: pretty cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you use against it?
Eric Rosenbaum: You know there's no music, too. I'm hearing something
Timothy Sackton: really. I thought it was sharing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was earlier that it went away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but that also also can just be
Eric Rosenbaum: There it is.
Timothy Sackton: I send you a memory. Ken zone. I see it again.
Timothy Sackton: Shit. So you all emerge. You can shift around where you are, but you emerge at the bottom of these stairs. The 2 giants fighting are maybe
Timothy Sackton: 30 40 feet
Timothy Sackton: up
Timothy Sackton: from where you are. So the staircase ascends as it goes up to the palace, and the steps are about 3 3 4 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: So this would be difficult to rain for everybody.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: yeah, and it's been
Timothy Sackton: I don't really remember, like what everybody was. If anybody had any like active effects or anything but that.
Timothy Sackton: I think well be still. Has one charge left on your wings so you could use you could fly.
Timothy Sackton: but that takes an action. But
and
Timothy Sackton: so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we begin as you emerge
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as we're kind of standing there looking at the situation. Kenza, wild, dazed, and confused. you know, shouts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Everything depends on us destroying that ghost
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that goes to somehow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: manipulating control in Khalgar's sanity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Its destruction is paramount for us to save whatever is left of his mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where did it come from?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember that you were hit from?
Timothy Sackton: I mean you remember
Timothy Sackton: It's it's you know, of
Timothy Sackton: fragment, of being of. You know the fact that he was in prison for a 1,000 years.
Timothy Sackton: 8. You, don't you don't, have clear memories from being possessed. But you do. You do remember? I' you know. Yeah. And you remember this, too, from the last time you were here, like
Timothy Sackton: Prague has kind of a split personality right. Sometimes he's
Timothy Sackton: he like doesn't remember anything, and it's before
Timothy Sackton: It's as if it's before he was ever trapped. Sometimes he's like like very Occasionally he was like clear and and lucid, and remembered what was going on. And then there's the like crazy storm, and the last time you left the tower.
Timothy Sackton: You all would remember this
Timothy Sackton: right. Kenza has spent a long time trying to keep Pragar calm, and contained in his like stable form, so that you could escape before
Timothy Sackton: that. like
Timothy Sackton: crazy happiness of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: but created a whole bunch. More lightning monsters.
Mike: Is this how i'm trying to figure out
Mike: like this? Is this train here like? Not the staircase, but the other train. Is that like sheer cliff?
Timothy Sackton: Or is that? Yes, okay, that's pretty much straight up cliff.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the the ghost is similar proportion to Raulgar, so like large.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Craigar is kneeling down, so the ghost is looming like 10 0r 15 feet higher than
Timothy Sackton: then. We're all going
Eric Rosenbaum: the secret. No. the tips and tricks for feeding angry ghosts.
Our ghosts on dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. What it what are we dealing with here.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know I mean
Timothy Sackton: It's not. It's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not the spirit of something that died and is haunting the world. So is it on debt. It's a little hard to say.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know.
Kate: Is there some sort of initiative order, or we just
Eric Rosenbaum: and machine?
Mike: They want
Eric Rosenbaum: 16?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no! Why, it's not connecting to D and beyond. I
Timothy Sackton: let me roll for you all for well being
Mike: then my world didn't show up on the Indy beyond. It's weird.
Mike: but I was an 18.
Timothy Sackton: I I got it. I saw it and d into beyond.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, auto fell in on my initiative tracker. Maybe my D. And D. Beyond this person.
Timothy Sackton: although well be shown up as a minus 39, so i'm not sure what's going on there. Not a very good initiative. My D. And D beyond the Turner. Yeah, did not show up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Did you see mine?
Timothy Sackton: I'm: not yours. Yeah.
Kate: Okay, full.
Timothy Sackton: I I rolled like 17 times for Wellby.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that was cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So Kenzo and Dal: we
Timothy Sackton: our first
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, I will
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jump. Are you my ring of jumping?
Timothy Sackton: I mean. You can also run up walls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But there's a giant. There's a giant
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: has it between us right, and I have to jump over that.
Timothy Sackton: No, No, this is flat ground. What's in front of you is flat. This is flat ground. Oh, that's flat round all the all. The green is flat ground, all the gray is cliffs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I can. That's supposed to just be like this. You can run and then you can run up the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it. Okay? Yeah. In that case i'll do that. I'll just. I'll run up the wall. I mean, you can jump if it's cool or it doesn't really matter. I like being cool. So i'm gonna jump, and then basically try to land like right on top of this dude over here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and smashing with my staff as hard as I can.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike: which one is for Uskar.
Mike: which was the gun with the crown, and the wrinkled face is the ghost. That's the one in the silver outline is frog art
in?
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So Kenza rushes forward, runs up the clash. leaps, and lands right next to the ghost.
Nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14
Timothy Sackton: a 14
Timothy Sackton: misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will try again with my staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23,
Timothy Sackton: 23 hats
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: excellence
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing a hopefully. 11 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then all bonus action unarmed. Strike
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: that it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay. like this guy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that So can I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also sul cite him actually for the 2 night.
Timothy Sackton: That's also a bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, All right, i'll up with you there next time.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. daweth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, the music went away against him.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's weird. I'm still hearing it.
Mike: I'm still hearing it too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, weird.
She
Mike: Okay. So
Mike: so like, how high is this?
Mike: From like this point to that point?
No.
Timothy Sackton: 20 feet
Mike: a
Mike: guess I will.
Mike: Well. does somebody else have a way to get us all up. There is anybody else planning on doing teleportation
Eric Rosenbaum: up there. Why would I go up there? I'm staying here.
Mike: Yeah, okay. Does anybody else want to go up there?
Timothy Sackton: I think Walby is probably fine where he is are moving a little bit, but he can also fly if needed.
Kate: Mean if I want to hit him with
Kate: my hammer, I have to get closer, but
Kate: it's like 3 moves worth of movements.
Mike: Well, does anybody I mean anybody have a spell that would I mean I could teleport, but only myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean I could get myself up there if I wanted to.
Mike: But can you get anybody else up there
Eric Rosenbaum: if you get one other person? It's like.
Mike: But you have to go yourself all right. Never mind. I'll just I'll just.
Mike: I'll just deal with. I'll just do myself
Kate: with me climbing up a rope faster than going. All of that is executed. Karen.
Kate: Yeah, that's what I thought
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice Launch somebody.
Mike: so i'll move on misty step to there.
Mike: I mean. I might need to move to a little closer, but
Mike: and then I will attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I
Eric Rosenbaum: So, Tim. Inspiration is now after a role. look before the consequences. I give them additional. Guy. Is that what it is?
Timothy Sackton: That is, that is how we were like trying it out. Okay, and
Mike: sorry. I need to like such a. So I assume that hits.
Yep.
Mike: at
Mike: I don't know what that damage is.
Timothy Sackton: It's not correct at all. That is totally doesn't Have the plus 4.
Mike: Yeah, what's going on?
Timothy Sackton: Not
Mike: and my character sheet is totally broken, apparently.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nope.
Mike: that's interesting.
Mike: What is going on I have no idea my plus to hit is off by 6.
Mike: My damage is off by quite a bit.
Timothy Sackton: That's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
Mike: yeah, so that was really like a much higher than that. Strange that should actually be a
Mike: devin
Mike: damage. It's like.
Mike: I think, Tim, you might have broken somehow. It's not showing up as a pack swept as a pax as a it's not using my charisma
Mike: as my
Eric Rosenbaum: it's because of Heralgar's ghost casted demented character sheet. Yeah, something's like totally bizarre.
Mike: so that should be
Mike: here. That should be that should be 12 damage.
Mike: and then I will take the second to
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Mike: But that's actually plus 6. That's actually a 16
Timothy Sackton: that hits
Mike: Did that come and see it didn't come through, and it
Timothy Sackton: i'll just roll the down. Yeah, something is definitely messed up. Okay? And then it's
Mike: 5 plus 8, plus 5,
Mike: not 19 damage.
Mike: And
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: those are my 2 attacks. I'm going to try and figure out why my character, she is broken. You can just c. For now you can just customize that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's going to go and customize it. So it's correct, and then we can deal with that later. Okay. So as Kenzo and down with swarm around this ghostly creature attacking it.
Timothy Sackton: Craigar is like crouched down like struggling to breathe against the
Timothy Sackton: sort of grasping.
Timothy Sackton: like hand that's kind of almost reaching into his raulgar's, chest, and like compressing his heart, this giant ghostly hand
Timothy Sackton: the ghost sees you up here.
Timothy Sackton: and it is going to.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to turn and look at the 3 0f you down here.
Timothy Sackton: and it's going to a point, and it's going to say, Go
Timothy Sackton: and a lightning bolt is going to strike right
Timothy Sackton: right here, and I need the 3 0f you to make dexterity saving throws
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and but fortunately
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: infinite
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bardic inspiration. Right? You can just do it whenever you want for as many people as you want. It's not infinite, and I've used up some of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: and also I can't do it on myself, and I rolled really bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can't inspire yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's put the fuck. No.
Timothy Sackton: okay, Brisbane. Kate, what did you roll?
Kate: And what do you mean? What did I roll
Timothy Sackton: Dexterity saving throw.
Kate: Oh.
Kate: I didn't. My mother just called to say she broke her foot. Sorry for getting.
Kate: anyway.
Kate: You need to take them terribly.
Kate: Did I run? But
Timothy Sackton: okay. okay, well
Timothy Sackton: app rizwin and
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: theeker take 46 points of lightning damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? A
Eric Rosenbaum: wait I was down t0 58, I forget. Oh, cause I got hit by something in the storm, the lightning
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: but you said, and we well be takes half that, because he makes the save. So that's
Timothy Sackton: 23 points.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm at 12 0uch! Ouch! That's that's not ideal.
Kate: Sorry
Kate: 2. Could you see that? One more time, and s0 46 points of lightning damage. I'm gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's
Eric Rosenbaum: this One's down?
Kate: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't the one that can help you. All the rest of us when we're injured and stuff
Eric Rosenbaum: I have healing magic. But
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to get on there, seeker you're up seeker and well-being.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: well, I was going to conjure a badass elemental, but I think I need to do feeling the magic. I'm rising right away right?
Kate: Yeah, it's not only a good idea
Eric Rosenbaum: about a Fourth Level healing word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: man, i'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. I got you minutes here.
Eric Rosenbaum: 19
Eric Rosenbaum: healing from yeah residents back up t0 19. That's a bonus action. You still have your action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's a bonus action. Yeah, yeah. Why is that?
Timothy Sackton: Because it's a spell that says it kind of takes a bonus action to cast
Mike: it's like misty step.
Mike: There's also a bonus. Actually, I can't wait. Can I also cast an you can't cast another. One can't cast another. You can cast it. Yes, it can't trip
Timothy Sackton: a can trap.
Timothy Sackton: or you can use
Timothy Sackton: a feature like you can use animating performance, which is an action.
Eric Rosenbaum: and yes. so I could animate the latter or some other objects. and for the
Eric Rosenbaum: how far away am I from the ghosts?
Eric Rosenbaum: 3 5 feet?
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Timothy Sackton: you're yeah, that's like it's at an angle up, so it's like.
Mike: but you can also move. All the green is just flat, so you can walk closer to them.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, I was just thinking about using my new shocking grasp can trip, but converting it, using the
Eric Rosenbaum: to what would you call it?
Timothy Sackton: I would, I would recommend. Given that, Kenzo said.
Timothy Sackton: Everything depends on killing the ghost.
Timothy Sackton: I would do whatever you can to do as much damage as possible to this thing and do not like
Eric Rosenbaum: Kate Kenzo seriously. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And if this thing kills, fragrant, or is gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: not the moment to be shy.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? But what's the most powerful attacking thing that i'm here with?
Timothy Sackton: Well, given that you can't cast a level spell.
Timothy Sackton: It's unlikely to be shock and grasp, I mean
Timothy Sackton: animating it about.
Timothy Sackton: Objectism was certainly more powerful than shock and grasp.
And does that take concentration to maintain? I forget.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. So then, in that case I will animate the latter once again, calling it forth into the fray.
Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: where is my?
Timothy Sackton: I thought I had a hold on.
Kate: You have to kill the ghost. We don't want it to run away.
Kate: and we're also not sure it's Undead
Timothy Sackton: you have. You're not sure it's on dead correct.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what happened to my ladder to again.
Timothy Sackton: I'll create one in a minute. It is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just draw a little ladder.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's Walby's turn. So wellbe is going to take steady AIM and shoot. Does somebody want to roll 2D. 20
Mike: Your
Mike: now you want Rule 1 20, and then one t0 20.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: critical. Does somebody want to roll like 17? P. 6 damage? How much is it actually
Timothy Sackton: at 10, 1212, d 6 plus 4,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Mike: 41 45.
Mike: Well, but Max on the bowstring too.
Mike: Max on his arrow, on his magic item.
Timothy Sackton: I think you have to do that before you before you shoot. do you really?
Timothy Sackton: Well? But Welby would have done that. I'm just not used to Schwartz would have done that for sure, correct.
Mike: and so that does he. OS does that. So? That's an extra
4 charges, so
Timothy Sackton: i'm not used to. Well, these characters. Sorry, that's an extra 86 fire damage.
Mike: So that is 27, that's 60,
Mike: 68, plus 4,
Timothy Sackton: 72 damage
Mike: go. Well be
Timothy Sackton: as what brochure? Just 72 damage having been the only one who
Timothy Sackton: who survived. The only problem with draw on the ladder is, I can't.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, there I can move it. Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: it's going to move. It moves. What? 60 feet it's. It can fly. So if it's it wants to move next to Roslin. Rizzwin can hop on to it, and then
Eric Rosenbaum: then it can fly
Timothy Sackton: rizwin and it to the giant Next turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Wellbe having been the only one who successfully dodged out of the way of this lightning strike just looks, and as as he is want to do.
Timothy Sackton: gets his revenge with a perfectly placed arrow shot that pierces through
the giant.
Timothy Sackton: the ghost
Timothy Sackton: straight over trawlars duct, Tad
Timothy Sackton: doing 72 points of damage, and with that strike this thing is clearly.
Timothy Sackton: you know, hurting
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: but you know still some ways away from dead
Timothy Sackton: there. and it has gone to reach, and it is going to. We's Prag ours part again, and Ragar staggers back.
Timothy Sackton: Any takes a significant amount of damage he is definitely hurting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, and then
Timothy Sackton: he is going to
Timothy Sackton: turn and make one swing with his other hand. That's not grabbing. That's not grabbing Craigar, and he's going to
swing at Darwin. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: we're just going to hit
Timothy Sackton: doing
Timothy Sackton: about 33 points of bludgeoning damage. Wow! And that ends his turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is where you're up.
Kate: All right. Do I need to heal? Dealt with and seeker and myself some, or
Kate: I should probably call it back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, you should do whatever you can do. That does the most damage on the letter and go for it.
Kate: Well.
Kate: so that light is not going to move me until the next turns.
Kate: unless I can put a wall on top of him. I'm not really sure how to put a wall of fire between somebody who's already grabbing somebody else's heart, and the person whose party is grabbing
Eric Rosenbaum: what I don't even. What lightning do you even have of heading bolt, lightning?
Timothy Sackton: That's radiant.
Kate: Well.
Timothy Sackton: so that's very different than lightning. Everybody gets hurt by radiant and radiant is, yeah is good.
Kate: all right. Well, I am
Kate: casting dining both
Timothy Sackton: that wet label.
Fifth. It's.
Kate: Why would you do anything else?
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate: that misses?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, No.
Mike: I can't see anybody's roles. This is very weird.
Kate: anyway. All right. Well.
Kate: I can't.
Kate: I'm going to wait for my br. I was going to climb up a road flat, but I I I come for rope, but if I'm just going to wait for the ladder i'm going to
Kate: move on to the ladder. Hop on to the ladder. Yeah, yeah, cool.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza, You're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm on a soul site with dude and in particular, i'm interested in its highest and lowest ability. Sports
Timothy Sackton: lowest is
Timothy Sackton: highest, is strength.
Timothy Sackton: lowest is sex and charisma.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. All right, then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will try a I'll spend some key and go for a disrupting strike.
Timothy Sackton: Hey, guys, make your tax.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You've seen
Timothy Sackton: 16. Just hats
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fabulous.
Timothy Sackton: Make a Christmas
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: okay, 10 points of damage
Timothy Sackton: and a
Timothy Sackton: charisma saving throw. He rolled it. Super. Well, the 19.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's why the disrupting strike does nothing. That's fine. I'll do the exact same thing again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eighteenth.
Timothy Sackton: That it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a damage.
14.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's it's DC: 15.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So he fails. So he might think minus is one D, 4 from as a tax, and he can't take reactions.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? And then the go is like shimmers a little bit, and staggerers back slightly as Kenzo's staff like
Timothy Sackton: in knocks it sort of out of
Timothy Sackton: a little bit out of it, s0 0ut of his
Timothy Sackton: focus still have your bonus action so you can flurry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I will, Flurry, Can I? Can I use. Can I still use key for my special strikes on polaroid blows?
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck: yeah, i'm gonna do that. I'm an armarch unarmed Strike? Oh, it's a big 1 26,
Timothy Sackton: that it. and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that does another 10 damage. And just because it'd be fucking great. If this works, i'll spend a key on on a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on a stunning strike
Timothy Sackton: with our plus 10 constitution, save you over 25
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bastard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will spend it still. Got one more attack. Yeah, I'll do another Floria blows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, that is 23, whether 7 damage.
Timothy Sackton: So there's no point in doing another disrupting strike right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, just because I mean, I don't know it might not be world up
Timothy Sackton: if he rolls a 4 0r lower
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of worth it if it stuns them right.
Mike: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. I mean how much Katie have left. After this i'll set out t0 6 more key.
Mike: Yeah, you do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, let's do it. I'll spend one on that one on stunning strike or or left Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I can inspire you, too. Right? That doesn't help. Yeah, it doesn't that doesn't help because he's rolling the save, not. Oh, you you know what we need. Well, this is not my use most useful.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Go with You're out all right. I'm going to start by casting a bonus action sanctuary on herothgar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. That sounds good.
Mike: The giant has to make a wisdom safe in order to hurt him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Mike: I mean he's not fighting back right?
Timothy Sackton: Praga is not fighting back. Yeah, the giant has to make a wisdom safe in order to
Mike: attack him or damage him with a harmful effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike: Then I will attack.
Mike: I can't see my own rules. Natural 20 0, wow! Look at that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you roll all of our roles today.
Mike: Sure. Yeah, Don't Mike's wrong. 2 crits in the past 10 min, though that is so. I need to add 2D 8. I don't know that added the credit.
Mike: So that's 15 and 12, though that's that well, 15 plus 12, third, 27.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, is looking extremely hurt at this point.
Mike: But I will get to do it again.
Mike: Oh, man! Oh, damn it!
Mike: If I had bonus actions 19 0n grits instead of bonus actions.
Mike: But the saving grass car is better. Okay.
Mike: And that's another 18 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: he's. He's looking rough. He's looking. His ghost is, like
Timothy Sackton: definitely, you know.
Timothy Sackton: struggling to maintain coherence. And he is going to. and
Timothy Sackton: it's at the end of Dallas turn he will turn to you. Dwith, who is now really annoying him
Timothy Sackton: and lightning.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he needs to make a spell attack, which is going to be my this one before.
Can you roll a def? Actually, I got it.
Timothy Sackton: That's a 20
Mike: a he's 20
Timothy Sackton: just hence.
Timothy Sackton: So his lightning, like a rocks from him, and shoots out and wraps himself around dull with.
Timothy Sackton: and you take
Timothy Sackton: you take 26 points of lightning damage.
Timothy Sackton: and there's like lightning, like all like crackling around you as he turns, and he's glaring at you in anger.
Timothy Sackton: and that is going to bring us, like you say 2626
Timothy Sackton: that is going to bring us to seeker and wellbeing. and I got her.
Mike: I could probably use some healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: all right. So the
Timothy Sackton: remember the giants pretty badly wounded as far as you can go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will. From the Dragon. I up the jet, fuck up the ghost.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will
Eric Rosenbaum: draw the giant explosion in the air
Eric Rosenbaum: and send forth a fifth level, erupting earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: The only mean that's yeah. So this is 1 20 foot range. It's a 20 foot cube
Eric Rosenbaum: that I place
Eric Rosenbaum: just said it's only the ghost. Okay, and that's a deck saving through
Timothy Sackton: like a I rolled SIM it on 5 d 12. That's a pretty bad role. A run thing on it has a very high variance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, because d 12 s have a high variance.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why all those d sixes are so nasty, and you understand exactly it's a terrible rogues are like, very even because rolling so many d sixes. It's like you get close to the average most of the time. I also rolled like 5 sixes.
Mike: I think I think my computer is not like
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, he only rolled a 7 for his, save so at least he takes full damage. Texas is worse safe. as we know, from Kenza, so it's like Yes, yes, that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he takes 17 damage.
Timothy Sackton: and the latter.
Timothy Sackton: with resident on it. can also make an attack. We'll make it once. The ladders move
Eric Rosenbaum: 30.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, it can't quite get there then.
Timothy Sackton: because that's 40 feet
Timothy Sackton: in the latter double. The latter can double move, but it can dance right.
Mike: Drop it with it at least. Yeah, it it can dash and put Rizman down.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'll just yeah cause it's 40 feet, so that would be 60 feet, so it'll put ris in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good.
Timothy Sackton: and the latter will be there.
Kate: I didn't want to to that
Timothy Sackton: Wellbey's turn lobby is going to take steady AIM, Mike, since you're I guess the jade roller
Timothy Sackton: 2D 20 plus 8.
Timothy Sackton: She's disgraced.
Timothy Sackton: I'm not cheating. I say I can't be cheating it's like for all
Timothy Sackton: 12 d sex, no more.
Timothy Sackton: no more burning Strike
Mike: 44 49 damage
Timothy Sackton: that counts that
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Timothy Sackton: The ghost. like stagger's back as well be's second perfectly aimed arrow
Timothy Sackton: blasts through it, and it begins to just fade away. And as it does, you can see her allgar begin to stand up
Timothy Sackton: and look around
Timothy Sackton: and start to breathe, and like blink his eyes open.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought it was still blunt.
Timothy Sackton: While you can't see anything but like Blink
Timothy Sackton: looking around.
Timothy Sackton: What was that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was a fragment? It was a fragment of your mind.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that i'm just texting. Schwartz
Timothy Sackton: Lobby did more than half of that. Things hit points in 2 attacks.
Timothy Sackton: Speaking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like
Timothy Sackton: all these arrows like hit each like eye socket, each eye socket. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: this is a baby situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Might need to go actually, let me just.
Timothy Sackton: I kind of like
Timothy Sackton: Schwartz to to wait a minute for Schwartz to join before we will play with for Allgar, if possible. So
Timothy Sackton: if you want to run
Timothy Sackton: and check on the baby, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: we agreed to give it.
Kate: We got around the camera. Should I like mass feeling word while we're sitting around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, and couldn't hurt.
Kate: That was, an I on the
Kate: at death.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you take a minute to catch your breath. Get your
Timothy Sackton: get your
Timothy Sackton: when it says a few
Timothy Sackton: prayers to
Kate: that endpoint ceiling goes to all of us. So I think it goes to everybody. Yeah, yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: vitamins. the feeling
Mike: 10 points appealing.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: you think
that's weird, Mike. I'll look. I'll have to look into this after.
Yeah, yeah, it's fine.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how the
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how the hex where your thing actually works. There's no
Mike: it's weird it it if I take off-packed weapon I lose the plus one that I would normally get for being a packed weapon. But it's not using charisma. It's using strength.
Mike: but it doesn't realize it's supposed to be Charisma.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, All right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? Well, I guess so. Cros are.
Timothy Sackton: Pragar looks up and
Timothy Sackton: size and looks around.
Kate: And, as you say, that can, so
Timothy Sackton: it's sort of sort of shakes his head almost in
Timothy Sackton: clearing his mind, or or clearing cobwebs or
Timothy Sackton: something.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: yes, I
Timothy Sackton: I remember you
Timothy Sackton: what
Timothy Sackton: I remember all of you any sort of
Timothy Sackton: lean stands up again, and for a minute
Timothy Sackton: the like image shifts and waivers. and then the palace, the Dream Palace collapses.
Timothy Sackton: and you are in
Timothy Sackton: the top room of Storm Collar tower.
Timothy Sackton: the giant chains.
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: chained to the wall, his hands bound and restrained.
Timothy Sackton: his eyes. Sockets empty.
Timothy Sackton: says
Timothy Sackton: We seem to be repeating ourselves.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what your purpose is here, but
Timothy Sackton: I can hold them off for a few hours. I hope, if you intend to flee or leave the tower again.
Timothy Sackton: The storm seems to be getting stronger
Timothy Sackton: to not know how many cycles of this I can survive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Vulgar!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We've come with your eyes.
Mike: Our Our intention here is to free you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who has them?
Mike: Well be
Timothy Sackton: well because they're in the
Timothy Sackton: I guess you are kind of like running with them. Oh, you I don't remember if somebody was carrying them, or it doesn't really matter.
UU Church of Boulder: We took them out downstairs, and then we brought them back up again. So someone must have
Timothy Sackton: right. So brief. Recap will be credit twice. Lot of the thing
Timothy Sackton: slaughter the ghost. There was the ghost hagard, ghost, the
Timothy Sackton: the like mad storm version of frog Art was trying to strangle her on her. or or questions hired
Timothy Sackton: You ran up, fought off the ghost, thanks to
Timothy Sackton: Mike's amazing rolling. and well be His AIM
Timothy Sackton: stood up, and you were back in the
Timothy Sackton: the Dream Palace and the mountain landscape, disintegrated as it had
Timothy Sackton: the last time you were here
Timothy Sackton: when he sort of recognized
Timothy Sackton: the reality of his situation. And you're now back in the top floor of the Storm Caller Tower Prag are chained up.
Timothy Sackton: Hands are having just said you've come to free him. And he. shaking his head almost in disbelief.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No. And who has them this for me to say while he has them.
Mike: Yeah, Well, probably Delaware has one. And well, as one. Let's say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, they're giant, right? One person can't carry them both, or Kenzel has one, and
Kate: it doesn't matter at 1 point Seeker and I were trying to put them in the stone statue, but now that it's not a matter of stonework, i'm not sure we have our I guess we're both healers.
UU Church of Boulder: I think we probably probably doesn't have one, because it's most of the size of him. Right?
Mike: Hold on 1 s.
Kate: Maybe the doors have them, then. No, sir.
Timothy Sackton: Well, anyway, 2 people have it. It doesn't matter. Here, let's say, Kenzo, let's say kenzo and dal with have them yeah kenzo and Delta t
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo Kenzo lifts one of the eyes up in gestures at deal with who has the other eye
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to show? Oh, I can continue. Can't see it. You can't see
well tends to list them up anyways, and says that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm holding one of your eyes now in my hand and my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and deal with my companion how it holds the other.
Timothy Sackton: I remember you can. So if any were human, were to keep his word to a giant, it would be you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did this together.
Timothy Sackton: Bring them close
10, just a quick soulside on on Raulgar.
Timothy Sackton: He is surprisingly calm at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good. We like that.
Timothy Sackton: so as breathing, breathing deeply, almost meditating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so kind of slows down to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that. Whatever whatever kind of rhythm of breathing we all are at Kenzo kind of slows himself down to that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Kenzo kind of, and it's a hand on dull With's chest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and just kind of gets him, and also to kind of slow down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so we all start breathing and synchronized and synchronized together.
Mike: Hey, Tim, can I can I ask?
UU Church of Boulder: I forget who gives me the
Mike: second site. which spirit and hold on. I'm just going to find it.
Mike: It? Is it just doesn't? Say.
Mike: I want to ask
Mike: the God who gives me the blind sense. See invisibility? Second perception from the links?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if
Mike: if
Mike: If the links can give Rascar, it's sight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
no.
Timothy Sackton: Blinks is not that powerful?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: But as you approach you get the sense you get the sense as you reach out
Timothy Sackton: to to this year like
Timothy Sackton: this is this is magic that is
Timothy Sackton: completely alien to the gods. But that, or to these gods
Timothy Sackton: that any kind of
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: anything that can repair stone, any sort of mending or
Mike: And just because i'm not trying to repair his site, i'm trying to briefly. briefly. Let him see through. 0 0kay, right. I'm not trying to heal him right in the same way that I can use my C invisibility to see through its eyes. Briefly.
Mike: right. I want to give him blind sense in the same sense. Okay, just for 2 min, for whatever the duration of the spell is so he can see us and tell us what to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or we're in it
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Timothy Sackton: So you you you reach out. And
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I I forget what I what that item does. So this is fine for now, but I don't know if this is a permanent feature of your item.
Timothy Sackton: He reaches out in me and says I, can I can feel you nearby.
Timothy Sackton: Come. come closer.
Timothy Sackton: right. I sense you there
Timothy Sackton: that anything that
Timothy Sackton: the eyes, my eyes.
Timothy Sackton: or take all like magic, and must be healed with magic. Any anything that can
Timothy Sackton: mend stone reshape
Eric Rosenbaum: kind of from the yeah and gold areas.
UU Church of Boulder: This
Eric Rosenbaum: the Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, we bring the eyes closer and kind of seeker, and there's one look at you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Kate: I mean if I could. Yes. I could cast the mending cantrip
Kate: with a sort of stone inclination. Given that i'm worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me know.
Kate: I have
Kate: fracting of metal sort of things, but I guessed mending is my main
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm
Kate: default and go to magical.
Kate: So i'm gonna I can try that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what what is secret?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the mold Earth effects are not permanent effects, so it's not really healing of the earth. Awesome, mild earth doesn't affect stone.
Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Earth is not stone.
Kate: Our stone is not earth.
Mike: not for these purposes
Mike: Do you have the the anywhere stone shape
Eric Rosenbaum: now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I have wall of stone, but that seems not really relevant.
UU Church of Boulder: What is your God like? Who is that
elementally start.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's sort of right. I can convert.
Maybe that's the key thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if we have a healing, so they'll
Eric Rosenbaum: of one type. I can convert it to an Earth type.
Eric Rosenbaum: But Earth is not St. But anyway.
Timothy Sackton: so should we. Yeah, but that I mean this one.
Timothy Sackton: But God, that's pretty pretty like that's the kind of thing right? The point is that it can. It can do
Timothy Sackton: place, I think, like that's definitely something you could try
Eric Rosenbaum: so I could use
Eric Rosenbaum: healing word. maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: and channel it through your comment and channel it to the call it, and convert healing word to an earth
Eric Rosenbaum: element. spell
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or stone element.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's known healing.
Mike: I mean. We could try mending, too. That didn't seem like a bad idea to me.
UU Church of Boulder: Can you channel other people's spells to the kind of like the one of residents more.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do both at the same time and never know which one actually did. It. in fact
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is mending stone specific.
Timothy Sackton: my thing repairs, anything that any inanimate object that's broken.
How are you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seems like that'll work right.
Mike: I I would try that to start with. If it's not powerful enough, then try something else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, okay, Kenza Kenza brings the the the I that he's got. you know, close to the socket and kind of looks looks at Richmond for guidance on what to do next.
Kate: And I do my careful urban cantrip casting with the
Kate: you know, a feeling for stone
Kate: in general.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So as you've cast
Timothy Sackton: as you cast mending and and try and
Timothy Sackton: fix the reshape. the
Timothy Sackton: reshape this this eye to make it whole. You can see that that that the
Timothy Sackton: like, the the the you know, pattern, the like decoration, the just shape they of the eye, begins to kind of repair it south. It's you know it. It was bride out of the statue like it's definitely been
Timothy Sackton: chipped and damaged, and sort of.
There's little bits that have cracked off, and things like that over the centuries.
Timothy Sackton: and especially in the past 9 months, when it was looted, and then
Timothy Sackton: jostled around in the bottom of a part of a hall with half a 1 million gold coins probably didn't do any damage to it. It's much harder than gold.
Eric Rosenbaum: right
Timothy Sackton: so as it begins to sort of
Timothy Sackton: reform you, you almost feel
Timothy Sackton: it almost feels like like a a magnet, and then, like you're not quite sure what happens, it sort of pulls at
Timothy Sackton: Enzo's hands. and then. just
Timothy Sackton: in a moment, the the stone vanishes just as it like reaches its sort of perfect original form.
Timothy Sackton: and the raw guards eyes are closed and one eye cracks open, and he looks around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here's when you did it.
Kate: How much has changed!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's try the other one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on, we'll try one more.
Timothy Sackton: I can pull into this.
UU Church of Boulder: What was going to run up and try and unlatch the
UU Church of Boulder: the manacle locks. Will they keep on the magic
Eric Rosenbaum: nice?
Kate: There are no walks.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm. Never mind.
Timothy Sackton: They're just solid iron chains that are solidly attached to the wall. There is no locks anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: The second eye pops in, and he opens. The same process happens, and he opens his eyes again and looks around
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some. You still did not see Roth Allgar.
Timothy Sackton: No, he looks. He's like looking around, sort of not in, not in like you can't see, but in a like. The expression on his face is kind of like I couldn't see for so long, and this is what
Timothy Sackton: i'm looking at now
Timothy Sackton: like the storm, like his arms chained up. Nothing has changed, he says.
Timothy Sackton: but I thank you.
Timothy Sackton: There is always better to see than not.
Timothy Sackton: How do we use at least
Timothy Sackton: a stack?
Timothy Sackton: How do we free You
Timothy Sackton: Wow!
Timothy Sackton: These chains were constructed by powerful magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
UU Church of Boulder: Spill my wizard.
Timothy Sackton: You don't miss
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to remember
Kate: Why, don't I cast fabricate on them, and see if I can turn them from one middle thing to another metal thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's an interesting idea.
Mike: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you could certainly try.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see what fabricate does
Kate: magic items can't be transmuted by this?
Timothy Sackton: So that's probably not gonna work. I'll inspect the chains with my
Eric Rosenbaum: purple gemstone goggles.
Timothy Sackton: Make an our comment check.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is what is the on doing? It's like giving me a weird
Eric Rosenbaum: analog. Select roll mode
Eric Rosenbaum: advantage. So I have advantage.
Kate: Yeah, and I just no magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: My 2 rules are 33, and 31.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: looking at these chains, what this brings to mind seeker is
Timothy Sackton: our. So you you recall reading about
Timothy Sackton: like extremely powerful magic, like the the the strongest magic that wizards could create
Timothy Sackton: spouse that could in prison creatures forever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that could not be ended except by
Timothy Sackton: very complicated ritual to dispel them. Or sometimes there was a
Timothy Sackton: like a sequence of events that could happen or
Timothy Sackton: pass, phrase or something like that. That would be a way to end the spell. But.
Timothy Sackton: generally speaking, chains, these chains seem to be created by that magic. They are
Timothy Sackton: indestructible to mundane to any kind of damage. They can't be destroyed.
UU Church of Boulder: They could potentially be dispelled, but it's extremely difficult
Timothy Sackton: and
oh, sorry!
Timothy Sackton: And there is often when the spell is cast some
Timothy Sackton: conditions that under which the spell can be end of.
Kate: Can we look at them in one of our mirrors?
Mike: Yes, we should do that, but also
Mike: what would happen if he walked exactly?
Mike: If Rothkar looked at our beer.
Mike: Wait! Would he? Would he Would he Would the spell keep him from transporting, or would he be transported? I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: like out of the chains? And
Eric Rosenbaum: or is that a different binding that he was under?
Mike: What's element for lost thunder. I don't remember that.
An elvish poem
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Kate: yeah is that a ritual?
Timothy Sackton: It was in the book that we sold, but then we just had dele with remembered it.
Mike: Well, let's recite the poem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, it was it was no it because it was, you remember looking at a sheet wasn't it in draconic, and I could read it, or what the hell up like. Oh, no human needs to read it. That's why I was right. I got that? That's why i'm the only i'm gonna i'm gonna call them as in Elvish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, i'll be back. But a human needs to say it
Mike: is that what the I should have read the session. It's probably
here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that Tim is a very fair professor. 1 s gotta go to class.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if these are actually don't know if that's in the session notes, but it's in the it's in Kenza's memories of being disaster.
Timothy Sackton: But Yes, Kenzo needs to a human of the lake of these lands
Timothy Sackton: also, Don't forget about the fact that you saw the Orc wearing the mantle of protection.
Mike: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: but was that a real.
Eric Rosenbaum: true vision or a fabrication?
UU Church of Boulder: I think it was true? He put a lot of pieces together for being truth?
Mike: So when did we see it? We saw it through.
UU Church of Boulder: anyway.
Timothy Sackton: So what are you guys doing?
UU Church of Boulder: Read some poetry, Pinza.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'll do it.
Timothy Sackton: So you speak the lines as Del with had
Timothy Sackton: had taught you in in Alvesh.
Kate: You
Timothy Sackton: the chains vibrate. but don't break.
Timothy Sackton: Think you must have gotten it? You must have remembered it slightly wrong.
Timothy Sackton: and ragh our looks as you recite the poem, he says.
Timothy Sackton: Remember.
Timothy Sackton: yes, something like that. that wizard you don't miss saying
Timothy Sackton: something about a how on that
Timothy Sackton: lament for lost thunder. As he cast a spell.
Timothy Sackton: he was holding a book of Elvis poetry.
Timothy Sackton: believe it might be in his library downstairs
Eric Rosenbaum: whoops
Eric Rosenbaum: the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so chuckles
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dull it were close
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there. Any changes you might suggest
Mike: the ideas.
Mike: How many variants are there? I guess I probably shouldn't just like invent a backstory we're deal with was really into like poetry as a kid, just to have an excuse for
Kate: I mean, how long is the poem? You know I was just asking this one to I mean
Timothy Sackton: you could certainly try.
UU Church of Boulder: We have. We have spending spells, too, I mean, we could ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, Wait! No, it's. I can describe the book.
Kate: What do we sell it to?
Timothy Sackton: You Sold it to a bookseller, and in yeah garb, I'd have to take a short rest, but we could take a short rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's funny. Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let's short rest. Scry the book.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See who's in the room, and then what's our sending
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: situations?
Kate: There's this 25 word limit. Which is why I was asking how long it's a poem.
Mike: But you don't need to percent of the poem. You just need to say, open the book to this poem
Kate: that I can talk to, because it has to be someone I've met which is unlikely.
UU Church of Boulder: We didn't come with me when I was selling stuff, though.
Kate: but and we we'll find out right.
Kate: We may as well try it right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely. Let's try.
UU Church of Boulder: I think it's worth the
Mike: yeah
Timothy Sackton: you you rest. And as you rest for all guys, kind of you're sort of talking a little bit, and you're saying.
as he sees you sort of
Timothy Sackton: gathering your.
Timothy Sackton: you know, sort of.
Timothy Sackton: you know, getting comfortable a little bit and sort of taking a breather. He says
Timothy Sackton: it is
Timothy Sackton: sensible to catch your breath. I don't rest for too long.
Timothy Sackton: Unless the statue is destroyed, the ghost will be back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which statue
Timothy Sackton: he never dies for long. and he's getting stronger. I could not defeat him this time.
Timothy Sackton: I'm asking met again because i'm assuming ken Kenza would know what what statue of frog are. That's where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? And also met again. There was that thing that, like crown thing that had a bunch of jewels in it. What do we? What happened with that?
Mike: We haven't really done anything with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we have those jewels right? We do.
Timothy Sackton: Why. but it's not. It's obviously not keeping him here because they were removed, and it didn't free him
Mike: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Crawlgar. We're trying some means of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: determining the exact phrases from the poem. We believe can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: release you from your chains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there other ways of of
Mike: finding this poem?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, do we know other burns or elps that we could reach out to? I mean, do you know what like Elvin? Who would know it that we know?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this a popular poem?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not a very popular one? I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's so
Timothy Sackton: you're like, oh, make out.
Timothy Sackton: I guess history. Anybody can make a history check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll make history checks.
UU Church of Boulder: I I use my
UU Church of Boulder: the halfling history concentration. All system.
Mike: Okay? Well, but it's also. We're not going to beat Seeker. No way is going to be a 32 secret has memorized every single fact about everything in the world. So I I mean seekers. Yeah, seeker you. You've
Timothy Sackton: come across this name several times, mostly in the context of
Timothy Sackton: you know, just of like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your sort of general trying to piece together the history of everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I looks at. Doll. If and says nala is lament for lost thunder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we know that right? Did we already know that that was the name of the power of the of the thing?
Timothy Sackton: So the notable fact about that seek has managed to pick up about. No, no! All way was just is relatively obscure poet in the scheme of things, because
Timothy Sackton: he wrote largely after the like. There was there was.
Timothy Sackton: This was this was in the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: you know, at the age when elves were somewhat int0 0r somewhat overshadowed by drink or
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: and a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: but it's notable for like
Timothy Sackton: has a has a somewhat like, is a sort of has a like a side note place in in history in general, and elvish history in particular, because of their
Timothy Sackton: because of his way of kind of turning traditional, like Alvin lyrical poetry, especially about the so
Timothy Sackton: features of the
Timothy Sackton: of the age before time, the giants and the dragons in particular. So he wrote lots of poems about giants and dragons, but in a very sort of modern sensibility. So like taking these very classical, traditional.
Timothy Sackton: elvish topics and turning them into sort of modern poetry.
Timothy Sackton: gets him mentioned in a lot of like mentioned in passing in a lot of history books, especially his sort of
Timothy Sackton: all right.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of a lot of else who were trying to like, you know, be interested in creative weren't, necessarily interested in writing about
Timothy Sackton: giants and dragons, and these, like mythic past, right? So
Eric Rosenbaum: so the book itself would not be that uncommon because it would have been orthopedic.
Timothy Sackton: so the clock would be fairly common, but
Timothy Sackton: but sort of the type of thing that most, many libraries or most libraries would have a copy of, but not a lot of people had bothered to read.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who do we still know at
Mike: fancy libraries? We know we know multiple librarians, but lots of librarians. Some of them are werewolves. But in the archives yeah, how far is Tocra from here?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a good question, Why does that matter?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why does the distance to token matter?
Mike: Well, that might be the nearest copy of this book.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know, but wouldn't sending or scrying
Timothy Sackton: toker is about 250 miles. Oh, I guess
Mike: if we can send to somebody we can always just send and try. It's very easy to. There's no need to. Actually. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we we don't have to. We don't. Otherwise, we're gonna have to do the fucking stone. We're gonna fight like we need to do this like now we need like.
Mike: go beer.
Kate: Yeah, Go there. That's who we are thinking of. Good job, remembering his actual name.
Eric Rosenbaum: which, like Brisbane Brisbane does go up here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Oh, yeah, resident, cured Govier, like anthropy.
Kate: Get himself in the presence urgently get himself in the presence of a copy of the book books of, and then fail his say remind him to fail to save whatever you. However, you say that in d and d terms
Mike: high priority interdependent, your departmental library.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any of the alien paths into your
Timothy Sackton: You tell him. Find a copy of of
Timothy Sackton: this book, and let deal with
Timothy Sackton: sense left out with, See through your eyes
Timothy Sackton: and turn to lament for lost thunder.
Timothy Sackton: And he he, the message, comes back.
Timothy Sackton: I'll have to poke around. It might take an hour or 2 to find a copy.
Timothy Sackton: Better better say 2 h to be safe. don't think there's one in the archives, but
Timothy Sackton: I know a few people who and cuts off because he runs out of words. Nice! That's fine.
Mike: I mean, that can be before we did the
Mike: hour of the long rest
Timothy Sackton: if you still have a stuff. Yeah, I didn't cast cry. Oh, that was sending right. We're right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many times can we do sending prison
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by your admitted gate.
Kate: All I said was a move with my spouse, and then I had to get back into Zoom.
Kate: You know, before this whole fancy. whatever the immersive view thing. I used to be able to put everybody in their little strip
Kate: in a window, and still have access to both people and cheats. Now i'm always clicking back and forth.
Mike: I'm just doing. I'm doing 2 laptops because i'm up in New Hampshire. I don't have 2 monitors.
Eric Rosenbaum: No nice
Timothy Sackton: that's I do have 2 laptops. I just brought my work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there another librarian that we know Tim, is this the type of book that would be in in either any of the libraries that are monasteries that Kansas is aware of like in the you know Chicoon, is this like a shakun type thing, a lock and monastery type thing.
Timothy Sackton: There's a decent chance that that a C. Would have a would know would have a copy in the the the library at the
Timothy Sackton: lock in monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reason for that.
Timothy Sackton: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no, because you were all in town for several weeks. Yeah, Rizwin would have met her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So If we've got another sending spell, we can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: try that one. Try to try that as well.
Kate: Not sure I do. I can harness divine power to restore, so spells lots up to level 2, but sending is level. 3
Kate: might have been my only son before a long rest.
Mike: which I think we want to avoid.
UU Church of Boulder: Can we destroy the statue to buy us a little bit more time?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, Like, how quickly is this ghost coming back? Because i'm not in great shape. Still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we need to go fuck up that statue while we're doing this. How how do we fuck up the statue?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just drop it off the tower
Kate: where there is a
UU Church of Boulder: down a flight.
Okay.
Kate: but it's the statute of Frothgar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate: Do you think the stone things would keep the ghost from coming?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, let's go to that first. Yeah.
Kate: but he is he.
Mike: I think we should ask him because I have the feeling destroying the statue might destroy him.
Timothy Sackton: But we clarify. Why are you? Why don't you have this conversation?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But oh, not but but Tim, just i'm just recalling what he said. He just told us, he said to us.
Timothy Sackton: he said, Unless the statue is destroyed, the goods will come back
Timothy Sackton: right. So the stronger
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Roth card to clarify.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we should destroy this statue immediately.
Timothy Sackton: if if you can.
Timothy Sackton: if you can destroy it. Yes, I
Timothy Sackton: I could easily Where I free.
Timothy Sackton: I will destroy this entire tower down to the bits of rubble and ash that made it. But if you have the power and the capability yes, do that immediately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know
Timothy Sackton: madness of the storm lives in the statue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know by what means magic, or might or other
Timothy Sackton: it has some of the
Timothy Sackton: some of the magic of these chains. I do not think spells will be of much use.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: But hammers.
Timothy Sackton: maybe swords.
Kate: I hate good.
Timothy Sackton: If you can punch a ghost, then you can probably punch stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll try our best. Let's go. Try.
UU Church of Boulder: but be careful, because
Timothy Sackton: I will do my best to
Timothy Sackton: control my demons.
Timothy Sackton: They will fight back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: Let's take a short rest before we go destroy the statue.
UU Church of Boulder: We just did.
Mike: Well, we technically haven't yet, because we're
Mike: but
Mike: and use my so deal with
Mike: takes out like a pouch which you haven't seen before, and starts like routing around through it, and like pulling out spices and herbs, and a little bag of rice like it's way more stuff than fit in the pouch that's a few back he puts it takes a few out right
Mike: dots and fruit, and I don't know he's making some sort of
Mike: stew, some sort of like like a poster. And there's like I go. Yeah, that you know there's like a well, he doesn't there's no there's no but like he takes out a piece of steak, and then like looks at and puts it back, and like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: takes out some, you know I not the steak
Mike: too early in the day. This is an afternoon snow. It's night.
Timothy Sackton: That was the middle of the night fire. We'll cook the fake. It's not the middle of the night, but it's like sunset at this point.
Mike: All right, so you know, steak in some half an hour before potatoes and whatever.
Mike: But anybody who regains hit points gets plus 2.
Mike: Anybody who expands hit dice gets plus 2 hit points per hit die
Eric Rosenbaum: nice. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: all right. I'm going to do something semi-des.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So as we're as we're resting tenzo will continue to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sit and meditate with Raulgar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Breathe with him and again try to keep him calm. Try to keep him focused. Keep him locked in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They'll do that because it will focus exclusively on that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? Tim, what is the reset maximum HP. Changes during this wrist thing on the short wrist, too. It doesn't really and I mean, not only there are certain
Timothy Sackton: effects that reduce, instead of doing damage to you.
Timothy Sackton: they also reduce your head point maximum, so that so you so healing spells, then cannot feel like if something reduces your headpoint mass one by 10. Healing spells cannot heal you
Eric Rosenbaum: that damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So as you're resting and okay.
Timothy Sackton: and
Mike: it didn't actually do my hit dice. It doesn't work for some reason, I find.
Mike: even if you say, apply healing it doesn't you have to do it manually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so that's going to be, and don't forget to add plus 2 0n top of our hit. The I plus super hit die on top of whatever. Oh, per hit that. Okay, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're as you're resting Ken's of the only one who is on wounded, meditating with with raulgar and claw that's breathing slow is even more.
Timothy Sackton: and he he sort of is looking at Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: and he turns over to you when he says.
Timothy Sackton: Do you remember? So under
Timothy Sackton: I didn't know he had died trying to save me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do remember
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there was a red mist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you remember the redness?
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: I must have been after I was trapped.
Timothy Sackton: I remember
Timothy Sackton: there were ill tidings in those days.
Timothy Sackton: The poly on had an advisor
Timothy Sackton: Dragon took human form.
Timothy Sackton: Shamat was his name.
Timothy Sackton: but they were.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I do not think they side. I
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: My drink, or was full of war in those days and arrogance
after the Civil War and the end of the
Timothy Sackton: Golden Age
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: say more about the Civil War.
Timothy Sackton: The Empress Helia was assassinated by
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what to call them exactly crew to.
Timothy Sackton: They were called the Omnis Pira. They believed that the humans were the rightful rulers of Talgar, and especially the
Timothy Sackton: humans of pure descent of the
Timothy Sackton: those who had stayed in the car, the longest, the
Timothy Sackton: the original settlers of drank or not; the
Timothy Sackton: that the earlier immigrants, not the people who had come to the north or the
Timothy Sackton: settled around the green sea. But that was who I had
Timothy Sackton: fought in the downfall and stayed in a cart till the bitter end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, what's he saying? A car.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's like where humans were created.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eyebrows are raised, buried.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stunned at hearing all of this.
Timothy Sackton: Leah was not a drink or in.
Timothy Sackton: Not by birth, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can one who's not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: born of true lineage become pure?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By means?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, what does it mean to be pure, anyway? That seems like a silly concept. I agree. My all humans are equally pure and pure to my eyes.
I agree, my friend, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this group that you speak of Omni, pur, as I said, that right
Timothy Sackton: omnis piera
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: omnis purea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we believe they. which is still today still causing trouble.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that would be news to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you say more of a polyon? What happened to a Polyon?
Timothy Sackton: He was emperor when I was captured? He was.
Timothy Sackton: He was of the
Timothy Sackton: I don't know he was up powerful man and skilled in war. The past 3 emperors before him and all died in battle. fighting
Timothy Sackton: in a Gloria and
to the east across the desert, trying to
Timothy Sackton: conquer the trade routes among the the people who had so and conquer and and subjugate. I guess the people who had settled around the southern coast of the Green Sea long ago.
Timothy Sackton: Those wars did not go well in many
Timothy Sackton: 3 emperors in a row ruled for less than a decade. Each and all were killed in battle.
Timothy Sackton: And Napoleon
Timothy Sackton: Well, he came to power in the this moment of weakness, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: set about solidifying the drankarian armies he had
Timothy Sackton: away with words, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: He brought that
UU Church of Boulder: a power of command. Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: it seems that way. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: any.
Timothy Sackton: He was preparing a great host for something.
Timothy Sackton: you know not what exactly.
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: he was
Timothy Sackton: also the leader of the on this era.
Timothy Sackton: and, I believe sought to.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what he sought to accomplish exactly.
Timothy Sackton: but his vision was
Timothy Sackton: a world
Timothy Sackton: where humans ruled.
Timothy Sackton: and the Alderman races were treated
Timothy Sackton: and head
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this would be if Kenzo joined the humans and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tens of grass sector, it tries to purify the land.
UU Church of Boulder: and Tim Apollon was the one who made those artifacts right.
Timothy Sackton: Yep. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All guard
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a poly on. Some time after
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your imprisonment
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was imprisoned himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we believe, by shamut. who.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know how much you've learned are aware.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: caused great great
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turmoil in the land. A great war was Spot. Schemat was defeated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This was hundreds of years ago now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but we believe a polyon is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the rise. trying to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: free himself, reanimate himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We believe that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whatever prison, whatever force was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or is keeping a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in question waivering.
Timothy Sackton: these petty squabbles of humans are not like concerned.
Timothy Sackton: But right.
Timothy Sackton: What you say does not surprise me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Paulian wanted to make himself
Timothy Sackton: divine in some way.
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Timothy Sackton: make himself put himself in the position of the
Timothy Sackton: Supreme of all.
Timothy Sackton: and Shamat wanted to destroy the gods.
Timothy Sackton: There was bound to be conflict there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so
pauses and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: praulgar. I know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: us mortals are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Humans in particular, are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exist on a very different time scale.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our stories and histories, Don't linger the same way as yours do but as a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: offering and as a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way of showing respect
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to you, and joined her. I come from a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a line of monks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who dedicate themselves to recording the past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that memories aren't forgotten
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to let those gone and still persist in the memory of the gods, the human gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ishma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, perhaps a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it shows his arm, and i'll start drawing a shape on his on his arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'd love to hear the story of joined, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that we may record it and remember it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have some memory of it now as well, but it'd be wonderful to hear from you.
Timothy Sackton: That is a
Timothy Sackton: How does that kind offer?
Timothy Sackton: And I once did enjoy the stories of humans and dwarves and elves and stone born especially and halflings? It turns to well be your kinds
Timothy Sackton: often told the best stories of all.
Once I am free, I will not linger in these lands
Timothy Sackton: after this tower is gone and turned to rubble.
I have been in this place for too long, and there are
Timothy Sackton: rain clouds over the oceans. They are
Timothy Sackton: snow
Timothy Sackton: that's turned to ice over centuries, and the glaciers of the North.
Timothy Sackton: There are thunder clouds that race across the green sea. These are the things these stories I will listen to. Now I wash my hands of you.
Timothy Sackton: and I say this not.
Timothy Sackton: I am deeply grateful for your help if you can accomplish what you set out to do.
Timothy Sackton: But after a 1,000 years in prison.
Timothy Sackton: This is my only path forward
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of laughs and smiles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of course this is the nature of how things are, and should be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But before you destroy this tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know the cross ship
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and just China Star of the Wind.
Timothy Sackton: I do. You domest sought to pry at secrets from me
Timothy Sackton: did not trust that creature with them. I might trust you, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we will d0 0ur best in this moment to free you. There's still work to be done. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do have a memory from gender
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of this ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps we can revisit this after we set you free.
Timothy Sackton: You know i's. and he says
Timothy Sackton: he takes a deep breath. He says
Timothy Sackton: human sustenance is not
Timothy Sackton: necessary for me in the State.
Timothy Sackton: but your companions cooking smells
Timothy Sackton: quite delicious
Mike: who are welcome to some
Timothy Sackton: share a bite, and let me spend a few minutes telling You joined her story. Then perhaps your rest will be ended.
Timothy Sackton: and you will be ready to face the statue
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as much as I hate to say it. My companions cooking is
Timothy Sackton: slightly above average. you know you love to say it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's slightly above average.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it is among the better things I've smelled in a 1,000 years. So
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's very good. It's really very good.
It pains me to say at this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really delicious
Timothy Sackton: charmed here, he says, as somebody presumably like.
Timothy Sackton: feeds him a few bites, and without just morsels to him right because he's giant. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't Yeah. John. There his story starts east of here and North. the Green Sea.
Timothy Sackton: He was born to some of my kind to live underwater there.
Timothy Sackton: Many of our kinds dwell high in the mountains among the clouds, but others dwell
Timothy Sackton: deep below beneath the sea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Timothy Sackton: but he did not wish a life on the currents, and the
Timothy Sackton: the weather of the ocean is weather below. The ocean is not so
Timothy Sackton: changeable as the storm is above.
Timothy Sackton: and he was always
Timothy Sackton: There's always a changeable person. more so than many of my kind.
Timothy Sackton: eager and impulsive.
Timothy Sackton: sometimes had trouble seeing the paths of the future
guide. Our decisions.
Timothy Sackton: He left when he was a young giant.
Timothy Sackton: just barely 20 feet tall. still growing.
Timothy Sackton: and he journeyed stylish.
Timothy Sackton: spent many years traveling through the great deserts
Timothy Sackton: on the beyond drank, or on the eastern beyond the eastern frontierism. hasting the sandstorms and
Timothy Sackton: winds that would crisscross those lands. The rare thunderstorm that brought life
Timothy Sackton: once every year or less.
Timothy Sackton: But do the moisture that settled on the on the dunes on the ocean
Timothy Sackton: love to talk about those dunes. tiny drops of water that could feed lizards. chameleons
Timothy Sackton: all the life that could
Timothy Sackton: be created by just
Timothy Sackton: do.
Timothy Sackton: But eventually I think you tired of the sameness of the deserts.
Timothy Sackton: They wanted to learn more of the history of our people.
Timothy Sackton: and I
Timothy Sackton: I was known that as something of a scholar. I guess
Timothy Sackton: something of a gather of tales and
Timothy Sackton: share of history.
Timothy Sackton: Much of the G of our people is not necessarily remembered by us, but is recorded in the lure of the dwarves and the stone born especially, and in those days
Timothy Sackton: the kingdom of artists, but I believe is now destroyed
Timothy Sackton: below the mountains just north of here
Timothy Sackton: was also renowned as a center of learning for history and
Timothy Sackton: stone craft.
Timothy Sackton: And so it was, I guess, inevitable that we would meet.
Timothy Sackton: He did not
Timothy Sackton: have the powers that I do here cannot travel as a storm.
Timothy Sackton: So he journeyed across, drank, or and
Timothy Sackton: this was during the Golden Age.
Timothy Sackton: Even before back
Timothy Sackton: there's rain and the the fall of
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the fall of that line to me it was. It was during the reign of
No.
What was this?
Timothy Sackton: I was during the the reign of
Timothy Sackton: our door, the out
Timothy Sackton: he
he had made Frank, or a safe place for many
Timothy Sackton: else do
Timothy Sackton: giants even.
Timothy Sackton: and the stories gender would tell of traveling across, drank, or at the height of its power and grace.
Timothy Sackton: studies of golden brass, of marble
Timothy Sackton: people teleporting across the
Timothy Sackton: cross the continent at a whim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out
Timothy Sackton: lights floating in the sky to illuminate the night.
Timothy Sackton: cross. The straight roads of the Empire
Timothy Sackton: seemed a magical place, although.
Timothy Sackton: as it reminded me something of the great kingdoms of the giants and ages. Long ago I, new of the
Timothy Sackton: seeds of its destruction, were always present. but Jorge did not see it. He was an optimist.
Timothy Sackton: It's not
Timothy Sackton: a new golden age of humans and elves and dwarves and halflings and lizard folk and giants and dragons, and even the Fay.
Timothy Sackton: the elementals, the
Timothy Sackton: all the people who had
Timothy Sackton: left Talgar for other planes coming back and living together in harmony.
Timothy Sackton: Foolish, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: and he spent a 100 years with me. maybe more.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: in those 100 years so much changed
Timothy Sackton: when he left.
Timothy Sackton: going to big stories and learn what he could of the humans living in the plains. War had broken out.
Timothy Sackton: Helia was assassinated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who was assassinated
Timothy Sackton: Alia the Empress. He is about
Timothy Sackton: fought vest in and lost.
Timothy Sackton: and the faction of Frank Korean Emperor is associated with the omnibus peril I took over.
Timothy Sackton: and I was trapped.
Timothy Sackton: I think.
Timothy Sackton: and I learned now from your memories. Kenzo joined or learned of this, and
Timothy Sackton: came to try and free me towards the end.
Timothy Sackton: and died in some magical disaster.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps associated with the follows the Empire itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, based on my knowledge now of stone giants
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do they have? Do they like carry possessions? Do they like have tattoos like? How do they do? They are there physical ways in which they carry objects, or do they like to have objects
Timothy Sackton: for?
Timothy Sackton: Not really. I mean, they're very they're often
Timothy Sackton: they're often very
Timothy Sackton: even when they build permanent homes.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing about their sort of attitude is rooted in permanence right? And and they are sort of most don't, most of them giant ultimate aspiration is to become like.
Timothy Sackton: called our and and
Timothy Sackton: joined with the storm. Right has basically become a thunderstorm traveling across.
Timothy Sackton: And so the idea of possessions is foreign to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right?
Timothy Sackton: I guess they're usually so sufficient, so sufficiently magical. They can create what they need. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I wanted to do was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of inscribe on the on Kansas staff, you know. Obviously the the story of of of, but also a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like an etching of him, or a like a symbol, a symbolic representation of him. And I just wanted to figure out if it's, it'd be most meaningful to like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: after putting it, because, you know, normally like Kenza, would create a little. A little wood carving
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could be represented someplace, or, if it's like a stone giant thing, where they have like etchings on their bodies, or whatever to like. Actually, you know, carve it in
Timothy Sackton: so storm giants, so stone giants and storm giants are are different things right? So the stone giants would be very much about permanence and sculpting
Timothy Sackton: storm. Giants like totally like the most appropriate thing, would be like
Timothy Sackton: his favorite weather or something like that, like they're very right, like nothing about them. They're very impermanent, as this is partly why, like Raulgar.
Timothy Sackton: like basically went crazy, being trapped in one place, right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, what was Toronto's favorite storm from my memory of being him?
Timothy Sackton: What was his favorite weather
Timothy Sackton: dramatic, just to like
Timothy Sackton: power of just a little bit of condensation to drive an ecosystem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And as as a faulgar finishes the story, and as he's kind of talking Kenzel will Kenzo is, is is like doing his normal thing and and inscribing into the staff. But then it's also as he's drawing that image of do do in the you know that just bit of moisture
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll meditate on that image and share that image with Raulgar, as
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you complete the notation.
Timothy Sackton: a fitting memorial for him.
Timothy Sackton: I thank you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as a bows deeply, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: says no more.
Timothy Sackton: Your stories and companionship have given me strength.
Timothy Sackton: but I can feel the storm, the madness creeping back.
Timothy Sackton: I think I only have
Eric Rosenbaum: a few hours of listed a good left.
Timothy Sackton: maybe 3 at most.
Timothy Sackton: unless you can destroy the statue before then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long does the rest been spent like an hour?
Timothy Sackton: And it's been like an hour. And how long would you
did? How long is the dude
Mike: 2.
Timothy Sackton: You still got another hour until he's got until he he said, an hour or 2. Give me 2 just to be safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we even try to fight the statue, or do we just wait another hour?
Kate: I see no reason not to go Hit a statue with my
Kate: thunderous hammer. I mean it's gonna hit us back. That's the reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: How can we fight smart
UU Church of Boulder: with this thing? Not
UU Church of Boulder: really our thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a biting part
Mike: just
Mike: for him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let him destroy it. That's how you fight smart. Well, we wait an hour, and then let the library that come and find the secret password, and we say the secret password, and all our goes free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and no fighting has to happen.
Kate: There's no reason not to spend the next hour varying anything you want to vary about
Dallas memory of the poem and see if you get lucky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's just a
UU Church of Boulder: continue to do. Sit by meter or rhyme scheme.
Timothy Sackton: The characteristic of of now Ways poetry was specifically rejecting the traditional meter and Rhine scheme of elvish
Kate: free verse. But, but, like
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you could try.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll say.
roll roll a d 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! That's true. Mike is rolling off twenties, but
Mike: now
Timothy Sackton: my walk is out. Luck of that. would you all
Mike: 3?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This was one of try a few things, but it's like.
Timothy Sackton: you know. It's all sort of free verse and very It's just hard to figure out what might be missing
Timothy Sackton: you. You're sure now as you think about it, like you're missing One sentence that was like an extra phrase that you've forgot about, but you just can't remember what it was.
Timothy Sackton: But you can wait an hour like that. Seems pretty safe. He's pretty sure that
Timothy Sackton: he's got 2 0r 3 h.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's wait the hour
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, let's as we wait the hour. Let's just like look at the statue like, does it look like if we like, smash it and stuff. It'll
Eric Rosenbaum: we like investigators. We points with the Youtube. This is the thing that's a just the busts just to show the head and shoulders.
Timothy Sackton: But it's yeah, I mean, you've got some
Timothy Sackton: some fairly talented masons here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, we're like up on the tower way up on the cliff. We could just drop it out the window
Eric Rosenbaum: if we could move it.
Kate: It's quite heavy. It's like an 8 foot tall, solid stone statue.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I have that loading disc and an immovable rod.
Timothy Sackton: So maybe there's something you could do with that. Yeah, that's true
Eric Rosenbaum: loading. Disk has a weight limit, but it's probably well above what's required. It does the does the immovable rod.
Mike: is it? It's fixed. It doesn't change size, right?
Timothy Sackton: The floating desk can only hold £500, so that's well below.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is probably
Eric Rosenbaum: the movable rod could hold that much. Well, how much would it we, if you cast and wired for Duce to reduce it?
Eric Rosenbaum: It only works on creatures right
Mike: doesn't like I said, this thing is immune to magic.
Kate: I have a portion of hill giant strength
UU Church of Boulder: that's interesting. Even if we toss it out the window, and it matters what the evil spirits are. Releases Just come right back in and kill this
UU Church of Boulder: like
UU Church of Boulder: fighting this trap
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spirits problem. You know what, though we're not going to have to do that? Because Govir is a ace librarian. No. And why reduce? It? Affects an object.
Eric Rosenbaum: In fact, that's how we all are. Specifically, it won't matter because it's immune to magic. But yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all of this is boot, because go here is found the down the book
UU Church of Boulder: Right? Well, actually, while we're waiting for gover, though, and another question that.
UU Church of Boulder: knowing that progress planning on destroying the whole tower. are there any parts of the tower that we haven't, searched.
UU Church of Boulder: and or should we go back and like research, like the private
UU Church of Boulder: chambers, or any of that.
UU Church of Boulder: because they're anywhere in the tower we haven't been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if that wasn't clear to you from the conversation I was having. The tower is the flying. We're in the flying ship right now.
Timothy Sackton: and so no, the the flying chip is not the tower. The flying chip is the stone that the tower is on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Oh, so he is going to destroy this hour. He's going to destroy the tower and rise the ship up from the grabbed, and then we'll go flying off. Then think that i'm a little.
UU Church of Boulder: I'm a little disappointed, and we won't have a storm. Giant Butler. It sounds like that's what I thought. We're gonna get so disappointed. But
Mike: fair it off right like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what we there will be a series, though what in the me like? We all like it's like we're all waiting for the shower, and it's like, oh, my God, Raulgar, I like Jesus Christ. You gotta take long ash showers, you know. We've all got towels around our waist like you know we're all trying to watch TV, and it's like we have to watch the Storm Channel again
UU Church of Boulder: explored. So I mean, you
Timothy Sackton: let's see your recollection of last time. Let me look at my notes from that session.
Timothy Sackton: So you explored the you pretty much explored everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: There's a few stuff you didn't. There was a few things you didn't take. So there was the
Timothy Sackton: there were some books that were chained to the
Timothy Sackton: library, some books about giants that you you didn't have time to
Timothy Sackton: unchain.
Timothy Sackton: There was in your domus's bedroom there was a like a large
Timothy Sackton: like, not very large, like a 2 foot tall, like
Timothy Sackton: marble, magical marble stone that you didn't take, because it was. if you have any.
Mike: But we don't actually know how to get int0 0r out of. You don't miss the bedroom right
Timothy Sackton: well the last time you cast a larger, do you? On the door?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
UU Church of Boulder: What does that mean? The bedroom no longer has a door.
Timothy Sackton: No, it snapped back into place when the spell ended.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we could do that again.
Timothy Sackton: You're also much higher level, i'm sure you could come up with a way to get past the magically locked door.
UU Church of Boulder: Right? I think it's worth getting. I think it's worth getting the books on giants to, in case like 2 years from now we needed to have them to unlock all the things. Let's let's ransack the place, liberate all of the objects.
In fact, for that matter. Let's get all like the cookware. We're going to need it for the
UU Church of Boulder: for the flank ship
right? So the kitchen and the the kitchen is pretty, was pretty destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: The first floor is like the kitchen and and like
Timothy Sackton: dining hall. But yeah, you could probably dig up some.
Timothy Sackton: some not destroyed stuff. You also have like half a 1 million gold, so you could buy some cookware.
Timothy Sackton: It would make only a small dent in your horde
Eric Rosenbaum: there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, we need to. We need to. We need stuff in the tower.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, what's the stone thing, too? I don't remember this.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, you didn't. You never identified it or anything, because it was
Timothy Sackton: it was too heavy. You didn't you couldn't care yet. Why don't we
Timothy Sackton: one foot sphere? Stone mounted on a marble pillar? Is there any chances. Reflective.
Mike: possibly mirrored in some fashion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nope.
UU Church of Boulder: no.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're not going to drop the statue off the tower where we could drop something onto the statue.
Eric Rosenbaum: The statue probably weighs like between one and £2,000.
Timothy Sackton: So actually, with a potion of weight and strength, you could probably list left it. Wait, Hold on, Here's a stupid idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about that. That's interesting, too.
Timothy Sackton: in the statue. Yeah.
Kate: there will be after I hit it with my hammer.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, we could probably knock its head off that way
Mike: because I can. I can cast shape water to just drizzle water and freeze it.
Mike: unfreeze. It freeze it, unfreeze it, freeze it, unfreeze it
Eric Rosenbaum: that will break rock
Kate: so well, my hammer. It's just a matter of who there's spirits coming out.
Kate: It's not
UU Church of Boulder: Shall we lose the rest of the place while we're waiting for Govier?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: you need a little
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shorts.
Kate: and if we decide we need hill giant strength to defeat this
Kate: own thing. Then I could grab the
Timothy Sackton: so while you have an hour's piece at.
UU Church of Boulder: and your way that you're just waiting, you You spend some time like going around the the tower right? So
Timothy Sackton: the the fourth floor, the one the floor down from this room that you're in now is like pretty empty right it has that
Timothy Sackton: the statue, and then it has the the
Timothy Sackton: the the wind-step platform, the like platform that sticks out where there's the like pool of water, and there was some like magical globe thing that you knock to the ground
Eric Rosenbaum: cleverly.
Timothy Sackton: cleverly, before, which didn't seem to do anything. The floor below that it has the library
Timothy Sackton: the only 2 books that are left.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry there's 3 books that are chained. One is a book in Giant, written in giant called Tales before the Fall. which is like 4 feet tall, and written in huge letters.
Timothy Sackton: It's. It's very rare, and it's chained up with a thick chain.
Timothy Sackton: There's another one that's called on the Ordering of Giants, written in some ancient language that nobody knows but deal with can read.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's another one called the Journey of Souls.
written in another strange language. which, again done with, can read.
Timothy Sackton: But all of those like I don't know your high enough level. You can break chains. I'm not going to worry about that.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we can pick them, or we can smash them or something like that. That takes you 10 min Well, but you also see a book that you hadn't seen before.
Timothy Sackton: when
your
Timothy Sackton: 26 passive perception
Timothy Sackton: it's a slim pamphlet that fell behind a shelf in the library.
Timothy Sackton: and you just notice, like a little like a little tiny corner sticking out from behind a shelf.
Timothy Sackton: and you sort of pull it out.
Timothy Sackton: It's written in Dr. Korean.
It is
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: it's in perfect shape. it seems blank other than the title. The title is the and Kirsten of the occulta ludum
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds interesting.
Timothy Sackton: feels vaguely magical like it's an it's in really good. All the other books are like. You have to be super careful like as you're bashing the chains apart
Timothy Sackton: like seekers like protecting the book from from, you know. Shrapnel as rizwin and smashing chains to pieces.
Timothy Sackton: I mean because They're super delicate. They're beginning to fall apart. You, like you're dealt with is using like Mage hand to carefully transport them into the portable hole. But this books, and like
Timothy Sackton: great perfect shape. no signs of age at all.
Kate: Also no internal text.
Timothy Sackton: also no internal text, a puzzle, maybe for another time.
Timothy Sackton: So you take those books.
How are you getting past the locked door this time?
UU Church of Boulder: I'll unlock it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Turn the handle.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, it's basically
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it's magically long. You can try, make a make a walk. My check.
UU Church of Boulder: What is that? Is that
Timothy Sackton: Dax plus proficiency?
Timothy Sackton: So, Dex one d 20 plus 8.
UU Church of Boulder: We have something that can give me to like inspiration or proficiency. That was a skill, check, guidance.
UU Church of Boulder: guidance.
Timothy Sackton: Dawes as a prayer.
Mike: 24,
Timothy Sackton: add one for
Timothy Sackton: seeker can use inspiration, so that's a 17,
Timothy Sackton: if you want to. It's like you can fill in with it. It's quite tricky.
Timothy Sackton: It's definitely, magically locked.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration gives you another one to eat.
Kate: You do extra guidance. There is a 20.
UU Church of Boulder: I was like that like circled around. Well be just. You can roll so you can roll D 8 twice, and take the higher one for skill. Checks
UU Church of Boulder: All right. 22. That is, then right.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: It's like you can feel that like you should be able t0 0pen this lock. But there's something about the magic that just makes it really difficult. And you're not.
Timothy Sackton: You just can't quite figure it out
Timothy Sackton: doesn't open.
Timothy Sackton: but definitely because magic defeated you, not because of your skill.
UU Church of Boulder: I explain that loudly to everyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we try dispelling the magic on the lock?
Mike: Do we really want to use spells, though? If we're about to go bite the thing.
UU Church of Boulder: we just hit it till it breaks
Mike: like. What's the floor made of
Eric Rosenbaum: stone.
Timothy Sackton: It's done.
Mike: The walls are all stone.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah
UU Church of Boulder: to shape Earth working stone
Eric Rosenbaum: good questions and keeps coming. Somebody should out. I will
Eric Rosenbaum: perfect opportunity to use my ice trick so nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the trick?
Mike: Wow! Shape, water can turn anything
Mike: to ice. so we should be able to crack the like. Just pour water all around the edge of the door.
UU Church of Boulder: and all the hinges and all the hinges. the lock mechanism, the walk. My, oh, yeah. But
Mike: but a lot of water in the I mean. It might be magical, but
Mike: 20 min, and turning, I used to water ice and back to water and back to ice, back and forth again, you should be able to break a door, so the lock is unaffected; but
Timothy Sackton: as, or so as as
Timothy Sackton: equivalently to when Seeker shrank the door last time the hinges snap eventually from your water trick, and the door just kind of
Timothy Sackton: like swings partially open like
Timothy Sackton: on the like. It's pivoting on the walk, so it's like It's like rotating this way. It's like a it like falls forward a little bit, so you could crawl under it.
Timothy Sackton: It's still locked at the lock. Yeah, with no hinges. It's not check.
Timothy Sackton: And the
Timothy Sackton: so the the
the only thing that's really left in this room is the
Timothy Sackton: marble pedestal with a stone on top of that
Mike: you should goggle that thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, I look at. Thanks. I look at it with the goggles
Timothy Sackton: making our kinda check
Eric Rosenbaum: 32.
Timothy Sackton: You actually recognize this from a book that
Timothy Sackton: from a book that Olfgar showed you in
Timothy Sackton: when you were in charter, and like the first time when you came through. It was a book about like
Timothy Sackton: commonplace during Corey and magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it was.
Timothy Sackton: It was one of the things that.
Timothy Sackton: like he was talking about like he was excited to show you some things that chart in. and he was like, oh, yeah, chart. And starting to have these 2. It's called a cleansing stone. It
Timothy Sackton: lets you basically clean anything you touch it, and anything that's dirty becomes clean, as if you had cast prestigious
Eric Rosenbaum: that you can use it to like clean clothes or like, instead of taking a shower.
Timothy Sackton: And these used to be just in put like you'd have a wider pump, and you'd have a
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I'm saying, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought we were reporting, putting the trapping mirror in the entry way
Eric Rosenbaum: permanently. Welcome. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: So this is light enough to be on this loading desk.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: So as you were.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah, we just put in the whole, too.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you could put it in the whole. Push it over.
Timothy Sackton: Just open the whole like like right underneath it. And i'll just call it
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the clatter of Jack.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: the all explodes. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like not today. But maybe the next time we get together after we get the ship, can we spend some time and actually, like, do a layout and draw like who, where everybody's bedrooms are really like, like, You know it's so fun if you're so fun
UU Church of Boulder: cat model. That's a lot. I'm, that's what i'm saying. You have a super sweet. And then, like Eric, we should really like 3. Print it and make like, you know, and like.
UU Church of Boulder: or like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God, yeah, that cuts right through, and you can see it. You can open it up. It'll
UU Church of Boulder: that's to them.
Timothy Sackton: obviously so. An hour has passed. You return with the books and the
Timothy Sackton: and the the cleaning stone.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you scry, you scry! Go here.
Timothy Sackton: Who is sitting.
Timothy Sackton: and the monastery, the lock in Monastery reading room.
Timothy Sackton: The book opened like sort of flipping pages, but every like minute or so turning back to
Timothy Sackton: a lament for lost thunder, and just like waiting a second, waiting 30 s, and then
Timothy Sackton: flipping back and reading a few more poems, and just seems to be doing this repetitively.
Mike: Good job. Go here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: you you see it now. What is it? Perfectly you did? You did forget a line.
Mike: I will tell Kens of the line.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will now recite the full poem
Eric Rosenbaum: unabridged. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with the line
Timothy Sackton: written by chat, gpt
Timothy Sackton: dreams of ancient Laura. The skies ablaze with storms that are gazed upon the distant cloud on which they soar, a force unbowed.
Timothy Sackton: and the chains begin to like
Timothy Sackton: they. They sort of crack, open slightly, and the gap begins t0 0pen around Raulgar's wrists.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: they begin to disintegrate from the wrists down the changes Crack! Crack, crack, crack! And then fade into dust.
Timothy Sackton: But Ragh is like far too big to stand up in here, but he sort of leans forward.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks at you all, and he says we will speak soon.
Timothy Sackton: Leave now.
Timothy Sackton: Any
turned. This, like entire
Timothy Sackton: room, fills with this just intense wind. as as frog are vanishes. and there's like this massive gust that swirls up
Timothy Sackton: out through the open, the open skylight and the top.
Timothy Sackton: and this big cloud begins forming over the tower
Timothy Sackton: like growing growing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We leave with all of our liberated things in the
Kate: so you rush out of the tower, down, down the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: running quickly
Timothy Sackton: as you get to the first floor you hear the first crack of thunder, and this massive lightning boat strikes the top of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: the whole tower just begins shaking, and as you rush out you start running down the stairs
Timothy Sackton: like there's just like this incredibly loud peel of thunder just repeated over and over again, and the
Timothy Sackton: middle section of the power where the library is just cracks open.
Timothy Sackton: it's going, just spraying, the tower cracking, falling in half the step. The statue of Frog, our tumbling, rolling down.
Timothy Sackton: the statue itself does not actually seem particularly damaged by the fall.
Timothy Sackton: Another blast of lightning shatters the tower at the base, and then Heralgar appears like full giant form. Prag are
Timothy Sackton: like hair flowing like his eyes blazing white
Timothy Sackton: like flashing, and he reaches behind him
Timothy Sackton: and just pulls out of thin air this like
Timothy Sackton: 20 foot
Timothy Sackton: 15 foot long sword that's sparking lightning.
Timothy Sackton: and it just starts
Timothy Sackton: hitting like the stone statue. Just
Timothy Sackton: 2, s0 3 strikes, 4 strikes. It's like each strike splits it again and again 6 strikes. It's like turning into rubble. It's like
Timothy Sackton: hitting it over and over and over.
Timothy Sackton: There's just like dust powder.
Timothy Sackton: Even after there's just powder. He then stomps like
Timothy Sackton: as hard as he can, and there's a crack of thunder where his foot strikes the ground, and almost like a shockwave, races across the plane like
Timothy Sackton: It's all like mud and everything. So there's like a
Timothy Sackton: bout of of mud like flies up and hits you all in the face.
Kate: Them. Kenzo is streaming All that on Talibar live just
Timothy Sackton: live stream.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now he's only begin by remembering it to carve it on the side. It just begins punching
Timothy Sackton: the tower just like punching the base of the tower. and it like, just over and over and over again, as it turns it, that also turns to dust.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: he's like, you know, 30
Timothy Sackton: 30 ish feet tall, a little more than 30 feet. So he's like basically eye level with the tower standing on the ground. It's like 30 40 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: or he's like maybe reaching over his head to pound the tower.
Timothy Sackton: and then he stops
Timothy Sackton: any terms.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks at you all, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: thank you for that.
Timothy Sackton: What can I do for you before I leave?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so steps forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We spoke earlier of the star of the Wind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then just Jarna.
Timothy Sackton: indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: might you be able to raise it for us.
Turn it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: over t0 0ur power.
Timothy Sackton: I can raise it. That is no problem. The ground is soft enough.
Timothy Sackton: Do not think the phasing stone is intact.
Timothy Sackton: It will need to be repaired or replaced. for it can be flown.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you say more of this facing stone
Timothy Sackton: he looks over at Seeker.
Timothy Sackton: These are
Timothy Sackton: the airships. Fly
Timothy Sackton: because you believe they can fly
Timothy Sackton: the phasing stones. the facing stones allow you to
Timothy Sackton: the phasing stones allow you to.
Timothy Sackton: They allow you to bring something of the dream world.
Timothy Sackton: Here they let you imagine that stone can float. And so it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what facing stones to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking cool.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, that's great.
Timothy Sackton: but it is
Timothy Sackton: a complicated mechanism.
Timothy Sackton: and the stone must be intact.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that what fell from the sky and the fay wild? Was that a facing stone?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's what power is your crystal thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying, these are shards of a phasing stone. and just those tiny shards. Give me the powers that they do. And where could we find a whole one
Kate: did we push one off of the top of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: There
Timothy Sackton: there should be one in my home.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is not so far from here
Timothy Sackton: in the mountains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it one we may use?
Timothy Sackton: I have no desire to return there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why not?
Timothy Sackton: I am leaving
UU Church of Boulder: with respect to that.
UU Church of Boulder: Can we retreat it.
Timothy Sackton: You are welcome to it. You are welcome to anything you find left there. I have
Timothy Sackton: not been there, and
Timothy Sackton: many hundreds of years, and it is
Timothy Sackton: no longer has meaning for me.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do we get there?
Timothy Sackton: And
Eric Rosenbaum: only we had a flying cast.
Timothy Sackton: Leave me a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's only a couple of storms away. You know it's several 1,000 miles.
Timothy Sackton: Just
UU Church of Boulder: what is near
Timothy Sackton: concentrates for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: and as you see, his eyes, like go dark and, like his face almost like. becomes sort of like dark gray, like the gray underneath the cloud. and it suddenly is completely silent.
Timothy Sackton: like the storm's been raging like even after he's been freed.
Timothy Sackton: but like it's suddenly sunny.
Timothy Sackton: I have something.
Kate: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
UU Church of Boulder: very cool
Timothy Sackton: and like
Timothy Sackton: you can see you can see, like like you see for a minute. The clouds just like the storm, the thunder, the rain just like blowing north
Timothy Sackton: like super fast, right like just blowing away and leaving behind
Timothy Sackton: the sunset over a muddy plane, and this cliff sort of jotting out of the of the mud.
Timothy Sackton: which now in the clear sky, looks really very much like a ship right? You can see
Timothy Sackton: the shape of its looks almost like a sailing ship.
Timothy Sackton: and he he pauses again, his eyes closed for maybe
Timothy Sackton: 2030 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: Then he opens his eyes, and there's like you can see like flashes of of thunder and lightning, and he says the rain is.
Timothy Sackton: the storm is passing the mountains. Now the rain is falling as snow on my palace.
Timothy Sackton: It is
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: some
yeah
Timothy Sackton: 80 90 miles
Timothy Sackton: north east of here.
Timothy Sackton: north northeast.
Timothy Sackton: there are some
Timothy Sackton: stone born. I see there
Timothy Sackton: marking the snowfall.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if I can.
Timothy Sackton: Translated exactly to your
Timothy Sackton: ground terms. But if you
Timothy Sackton: travel as
Timothy Sackton: Let's see if you travel
Timothy Sackton: as a as a storm blows
Timothy Sackton: 90 miles due north
Timothy Sackton: and 24 miles due east.
Timothy Sackton: you will be there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim. What's Kunda.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's where Jakarta's lives.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe I better text John, and see if he's free on short notice next week our next session, and I think it's
Eric Rosenbaum: 2 weeks whenever our next session is that would be fun
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: next week, right? Thursday.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Next week
Mike: it is it's yeah, it's next Thursday
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Timothy Sackton: Do not know what besides snow and ice might stop you on your journey there.
Timothy Sackton: It is cold in the mountains at this time of year.
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: that is where you could find one.
Kate: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: He opens his eyes again now, and, like the is
Timothy Sackton: face, turns like the sort of light gray that it normally is, and his eyes are clear white.
Timothy Sackton: and he says, now there is the matter of
better
Timothy Sackton: spraying the ship from the mud in which it has been trapped for so many years
Timothy Sackton: the star on the wind
Timothy Sackton: been dressed so Jonah, indeed, should fly again
Timothy Sackton: any.
Timothy Sackton: This would be easier if I had a
Timothy Sackton: large shovel. I Don't. Suppose you have anything like that in that part of a whole of yours?
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make one. How large do you need?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you hold us hands apart that are like about.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know
Timothy Sackton: 10 0r 15 feet apart.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can performance of creation something that size. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Definitely. 10 feet, I mean, yeah, sure, 15 feet something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. I draw some runes in the air, sketching out the shape of the elaborate but functional
Eric Rosenbaum: shovel sized for a giant.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can make large things at Level 6. So that's yeah. A large, a giant size shovel would be a large object.
Kate: So then he like sets to work, and he begins like just
Timothy Sackton: like sort of pushing the mud away from this ship.
Timothy Sackton: and as he does he like.
he's like occasionally also just like knocking like
Timothy Sackton: bit of
Timothy Sackton: mud and sort of other other stuff that's sort of just accreted on the ship over time, and it
Timothy Sackton: just kind of digging. knocking it off. and as he sort of digs down you can see, like the ship emerging, it's like the entire thing is. It's like sunk at an angle.
Timothy Sackton: The entire thing is maybe like
Timothy Sackton: a 100 feet from. So from bow to stern. maybe a 120 feet from bad astern.
Timothy Sackton: and it is.
Timothy Sackton: It's maybe
Timothy Sackton: 50 60 foot feet deep.
Timothy Sackton: and it's so. It would have been like.
Timothy Sackton: or giants who are who are selling this right. It would have really been like a
Timothy Sackton: like I don't know 6 person crude like open boat. you know. Open deck sailing shift
Timothy Sackton: right? Obviously you could excavate, and you could make rooms, and
Timothy Sackton: whatever right it's just stone. So it's. It's possible to work with you, Don't necessarily have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: and there's no
Timothy Sackton: there's no like rooms. Inside it because the the giant for the giants it would have been like, yeah, just like a sailing ship
Timothy Sackton: as he as but as he begins to dig it out. He like.
Timothy Sackton: you know. You get out rope and like he begins to construct like a a pulley system, and he
Timothy Sackton: sort of drags it up out of the ground as he's excavated all the earth.
Timothy Sackton: and as it comes to rest you can see its full length and its full size, and it's.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it looks really
Timothy Sackton: really like a large
Timothy Sackton: massive stone ship.
Timothy Sackton: and as he walks over he's not tall enough to actually reach the deck from the ground, but with a few like, you know, he can.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he just sort of turns into a storm and lifts himself up at the top. and it sort of rummages around a little bit. and then
Timothy Sackton: kind of leads over the side and says I, you better come up.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's her way up.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could climb. It's pretty rough, right? It's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not. The sides are not particularly smooth, or they could be made smooth.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: and so right Dimension door. Kenza just runs up. Yeah, it deleth actually
Mike: climbs up surprisingly, nimbly, not really paying any attention to the fact that it's mostly vertical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker climbs up cautiously
Eric Rosenbaum: investigating as he goes. Are there masts and sales? No.
Timothy Sackton: no.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just like the the ship body.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's so you can see now that you're like on the the deck. Right? It's it's much smooth, or there's like a
It goes down, maybe
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet, 20 feet, sort of in a in a depression. So there's like the walls of the ship, or maybe 20 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: So they come up to like Craig our's shoulder like chest basically or or
Eric Rosenbaum: a little below his chest. We can't see out.
Timothy Sackton: No, you can't see out at all. None of you can see out.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll have to make portholes in it. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: and he shows you the so. There is a
Timothy Sackton: There is like a stone structure in the in the middle of this thing that's
Timothy Sackton: it. Almost looks like
Timothy Sackton: It's like 5 5 pillars
Timothy Sackton: that are sort of sticking up in it, kind of almost like a random design. 2 0f them are are cracked in half
Timothy Sackton: and broken.
Timothy Sackton: Each pillar is about is about 6 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I made of like this is all like sort of, you know, sort of a reddish brownstone, but the pillars are made of like a dark.
Timothy Sackton: like the fault type, dark volcanic stone.
Timothy Sackton: and
he he points to
Timothy Sackton: like there's just like a
Timothy Sackton: fragment of a of a gem.
Timothy Sackton: That's most of it's been shattered and sort of powdered and disappeared. When he says you you will
Timothy Sackton: probably have to reconstruct the
Timothy Sackton: control mechanism in a
Timothy Sackton: smaller size, because
Timothy Sackton: looks at seeker. look sick. whereas when looks at well, being
Timothy Sackton: even dwarf and kenzo, like the the controls that are presumably these pillows are like about your height, or slightly taller.
Timothy Sackton: says
Timothy Sackton: I think it would be difficult for you to
Timothy Sackton: reach
Eric Rosenbaum: to make it work
Timothy Sackton: the way that
Timothy Sackton: phasing stone works.
Timothy Sackton: The stone itself rests on the central pillar, and is attuned to the 4 surrounding pillars.
Timothy Sackton: and they control lighter or heavier.
Timothy Sackton: to go up or down.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers making notes, diagrams.
Timothy Sackton: wind blowing from the aft wind blowing from the front
Timothy Sackton: to go forward or back.
Timothy Sackton: and trickiest of all. shifting the density of the stone. the steer
Eric Rosenbaum: shifting. How
Timothy Sackton: if you
Timothy Sackton: make one side
Timothy Sackton: heavier and another side later, it will
Eric Rosenbaum: tip time that way to
Timothy Sackton: so
Eric Rosenbaum: see
Timothy Sackton: the arrangement does not matter.
Timothy Sackton: What matters is
Timothy Sackton: that you must believe
Timothy Sackton: these controls. Do
Timothy Sackton: what I say they do. You must convince yourself that indeed
Timothy Sackton: the stone floats. the wind blows where you want it to.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is quite a lot to believe in. When do you think the last time
Eric Rosenbaum: such a vessel was seen
Eric Rosenbaum: flying on telegar. Or when was this one last aloft?
Timothy Sackton: This one has been crashed for millennia?
Eric Rosenbaum: Me.
Timothy Sackton: but there are some that still fly, I believe
Timothy Sackton: maybe not in these parts.
Timothy Sackton: I mean You've read stories. Most of you would have read stories of
Timothy Sackton: the giant skieships, and there's like tales of
Timothy Sackton: you know flying tassels and things that were presumably powered by this mechanism. It's not
Timothy Sackton: they're they're sort of mythical right like they're more legendary than dragons, but
Timothy Sackton: but not so legendary is to be that you believe they're not real right.
Timothy Sackton: There's stories and halfway lower about skieships right like it's not.
Timothy Sackton: You know you. You none of you would probably know anybody who had seen one, but like, there's tails right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: once aloft, suppose one's
Eric Rosenbaum: belief falters. Would we crash right down to the ground again. How dangerous is this!
Timothy Sackton: There. this thing weighs many, many tons. What do you think would happen if it if you did not believe it could fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Course.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did it crash? In the first place.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I believe you almost had a mirror that showed the history of things
Eric Rosenbaum: funny you should mention. Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Now wait
Eric Rosenbaum: amazing
Eric Rosenbaum: mitigate
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: before we leave Braggart. We should really ask him, like all the fucking drink, or in a poly at Mike. I think we had. We started the conversation a little bit, but we should like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ask him because he'd like no shit.
UU Church of Boulder: There's a lot to do. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: about rye, probably
Eric Rosenbaum: page in that journal, maybe because I think we have a lot of the questions that we had
Eric Rosenbaum: a fair point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but we. He knows all the drain Korean shit like he knows
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you got to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like. yeah.
Timothy Sackton: his size in his sense.
Kate: When you find the phasing stone, you will understand.
Timothy Sackton: It is not an easy process to make one your own.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Timothy Sackton: but once it once you do
Timothy Sackton: do not think your belief will falter.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Why is the facing stone
Eric Rosenbaum: way out
Eric Rosenbaum: at your home? What's it
Eric Rosenbaum: doing there
Timothy Sackton: long ago?
Timothy Sackton: In another life
Timothy Sackton: I like to entertain gas.
Timothy Sackton: It was an easy way to
Timothy Sackton: to make their tales come alive, to make my stories real.
Timothy Sackton: to make them comfortable.
Timothy Sackton: I could imagine
Timothy Sackton: what I needed, and it would be there
Eric Rosenbaum: so I could bring some of the dream world into my home and
Timothy Sackton: create
Timothy Sackton: vivid dreams of our shared stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any danger of
Eric Rosenbaum: unwanted things from the dream world entering to this one through such a stone
Eric Rosenbaum: all powerful magic is dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: But again.
Eric Rosenbaum: once you make it your own.
Timothy Sackton: once you make it your own. It will not fight you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well. I thank you for that advice.
But
Timothy Sackton: look! The sun is setting. I am free.
Timothy Sackton: I will leave in the morning. But if you're
Timothy Sackton: companion, Alfred.
Timothy Sackton: be willing to cook a somewhat larger dinner than normal.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps we could.
Timothy Sackton: sitting
Timothy Sackton: share stories on this dry land one last time before
Timothy Sackton: I say goodbye
Timothy Sackton: and vanish into the masts and rain.
Timothy Sackton: and he pauses.
Timothy Sackton: There is much turmoil on the winds these days.
Timothy Sackton: Looks around.
Timothy Sackton: I sure you have a difficult road ahead of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What feels different to you now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: compared to when you were last free?
Timothy Sackton: A good question
Timothy Sackton: when I was last free.
Timothy Sackton: drank, or fought wars of conquest.
Timothy Sackton: You could feel the
Timothy Sackton: could feel the power of the winds blowing from this place to all corners of the earth.
Timothy Sackton: Now I feel
Timothy Sackton: turmoil instead.
Timothy Sackton: and more, as without.
Timothy Sackton: or is without purpose.
Timothy Sackton: winds blowing this way and that.
Timothy Sackton: I know not what
Timothy Sackton: I know not what it means, but I sense conflict everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: and little certainty or charity of goal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's in the entire time we've been with hogwarts, since he's free like Kansas, is like super super, just like whenever we're not talking or doing anything. he's just like a tuning himself to for all ours, for a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and kind of energy state.
And Kenza kind of asks as well
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: proud if we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wish to contact you in the future.
Is there a way to find you again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to reach you
Timothy Sackton: positive. For a minute
Timothy Sackton: he looks at you. He looks at your staff.
Timothy Sackton: There may be a way
Timothy Sackton: it is not without cost.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at it looks at Kenza again, and he says Me.
Timothy Sackton: I do not intend to.
Timothy Sackton: I do not intend to take this form again
Timothy Sackton: for many years.
Timothy Sackton: and I am traveling as the wind and the lightning.
Timothy Sackton: You can try to reach out to me.
Timothy Sackton: But the storm we'll reach back. There's nothing I can do to stop it.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: should you need to ask me a question.
Timothy Sackton: you may try it.
Timothy Sackton: but the lightning may fry your mind as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: allgar I've learned. or since we last met.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: work with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: energy of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: souls energy from different beings. And I've learned how to use my staff as a way to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tap into different types of of energy. often natural energy from plants, from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: living beings. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe I may also be able to do so from storms. Perhaps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: before you leave. and over the course of this evening
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we might try. I might try to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: receive some of the energy of your storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See if I can work with it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: attuned to it. and though even you may be far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: using my staff to channel some of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some energy from your storm that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we may be able to reach you. That and may be able to reach you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would be something.
Timothy Sackton: you know what you seek to do.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: the power of a giant soul is not something that can be contained by
Timothy Sackton: a mortal mind.
Timothy Sackton: You may attempt it, but it will be risky
Timothy Sackton: basically in in mechanical terms.
Timothy Sackton: i'll figure out the exact details, but like
Timothy Sackton: it's one of these. One use things, but you're gonna take a boatload of lightning damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's great.
Timothy Sackton: And then you can recharge it by going and getting struck by lightning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So down ready for it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All I need is some storm giant key.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's what. Yeah, that's basically what it is, but it generally is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: difficult and painful. That's fine like you become lightning, Kenzel. And you're like hair goes. That's fine. I've watched enough anime to know that it's totally
Eric Rosenbaum: amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What questions do we want to ask for Allgar?
Timothy Sackton: 30 cents? I will be back shortly.
Timothy Sackton: I do not think you have our sufficient stocks for a meal that will satisfy my hunger.
Timothy Sackton: Please give me
Timothy Sackton: an hour.
Timothy Sackton: and how we'll return with.
Timothy Sackton: I will return with several.
Timothy Sackton: We'll see what's on these planes. Antelope, perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice to roast
Timothy Sackton: is the storm, or it that with
Mike: totally gone
Timothy Sackton: completely gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow. Yeah.
Kate: A peak in my pony. My.
Mike: I'm going to offered a hunt with him.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, I mean
Timothy Sackton: he. He welcomes you to join him for a little bit, but he also wants some time just to travel by him. So just to like.
Timothy Sackton: be a, you know. be alone, and and like basically say good. He's not planning on ever being
Timothy Sackton: communicate his his form again, right? So like
Mike: No, it's i'll just.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Maybe after we catch something i'll prepare it and sort of go back, and we've in some
Timothy Sackton: right
of.
Timothy Sackton: So he's off so del what goes off with him, Don for a little bit, and
Timothy Sackton: you know you.
Timothy Sackton: You You shoot an antelope, and then he goes to follow the her to try and get. You know 2 more. and you return with the one you hunted, and so you can talk to every your companions about
Timothy Sackton: what you want to discuss with him tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be the Yeah, what do we need to know?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You may know more about these artifacts?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You may know something about garage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm. What was that, Bobby?
UU Church of Boulder: About a polyon
Mike: about
Mike: the cleansed if he said anything like them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it appears he, Apollon, is the creator of this omnibus omnipres
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: group that persist still today that lives on today.
Mike: but we don't. Actually. we just sort of made up that the cleans that on the pair were the same.
Mike: We don't know if that's true, right, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know you don't know for sure it's, I would say it's not an unreasonable connection to make. I mean, like how many groups
Mike: obsessed with drink, cory, and purity pretty likely to be so like anything he would know about on the per. It would certainly be useful
Mike: secret rituals. How do you kill them?
Mike: How do you pretend to be one of them?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and apparently a polyon is the founder of them
Mike: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and is presumably controlling Fausto from.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like this
Eric Rosenbaum: and anything that knows it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: infiltrating them by pretending to be
Eric Rosenbaum: them. But then we'd have to all look human.
Mike: Kip can't go wrong. It'll be fine.
UU Church of Boulder: You can be learned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: met again. Didn't we learn when we asked like an augury type question about like the relationship between Fasto and
Mike: Fausto and Grosch are both working for a poly on I even either table in the session. Yeah, I know. And I and I read it. Actually, I did read that part. Neither of them are working for each other. It hold on.
Kate: We have an Orc chart.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: but cosmos is going to help garage.
Timothy Sackton: You wait. I can't. My headphones that I can't hear anybody. Can somebody say something?
Timothy Sackton: I put a hole here?
Mike: It's all in the session. This is a whole little table.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's a whole table.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, there it is
UU Church of Boulder: Whoa
Eric Rosenbaum: 0 and one together.
Eric Rosenbaum: But now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is so epic.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're both working for Aly on.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we being hunted by enslaved monsters as fast as Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, they're not going to find us Once they have a fucking, flying sashi supplying Franks are Flying Castle. So you think so?
Eric Rosenbaum: We're not taking off in this thing right away, though we can totally relax and drop our guard. Seeker.
Kate: Do we have to speak telepathically to crop car over having dinner? Yes, actually we do. Because
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck. Yeah, how do we? How do we protect ourselves now from. Is there a way to like?
Thanks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why, what do you mean?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, so that nobody scrying us can know that we have a flying castle. you know.
Kate: Hmm.
Mike: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: That might be a little challenging.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there? Is there a class that like, Are there illusionists in DNA? D.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: What are they are they They just mages, or.
Timothy Sackton: you know, crazy
Kate: illusions of huge areas. But it's a high level with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I think scrying would see it, too, unless you had like true site or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: The wasn't there that was it like the grott0 0f
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Future D. And D campaign. I think it'd be really cool to have, like a super powerful illusionist in the party that'd be fucking suite.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to have an invisible flying stone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That' be ideal. all right. What else we'll ask him calling on, I mean, ask all of our.
UU Church of Boulder: I was a poly and imprisoned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do know that. How do we know that how we know from from kenza's, dreams, from your visions of rye.
Timothy Sackton: No, she might want it to kill all the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: but he he was against the guy that, like racist.
Timothy Sackton: that all the white people should win Guy.
Mike: he's not one of those. The enemy of my enemy is a friend thing I mean, yeah, like Stalin verse, Hitler. Neither one of them is a good guy.
Mike: True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he only wants to kill some of the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We we can ask him to about, so we nobody knows how to drink, or in a parl still right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and nobody knows that it was the origin of the red mist.
Timothy Sackton: Not I mean, that's none of this stuff, Frog. I would be able to tell you it was after he was in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we got something about the artifacts. If there is anything about those
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the key thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The only purest thing is a good thing to ask about for. Sure, everything what you're saying
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what else we want to know?
Kate: He knows around.
Mike: Oh, yeah, how did this store out of facts? How did we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike: but like, how hard is it to fly a flying castle near a volcano and drop stuff into it? It can't be that hard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll find out.
Kate: We believe it's really easy.
UU Church of Boulder: The stone will let it be really easy. Ben.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, right? Exactly. That's how it works
Eric Rosenbaum: until you get to the you know no problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's no stop pillar.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Questions about Rye. He knows about rye
Mike: when I post date him.
UU Church of Boulder: How about where to find the perfectly circular island?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm. That's a good one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, he doesn't know where that is. Why, doesn't Well, being over, that is.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't think any that's where that is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: People know where that is. Maybe he could make some maps of drink or for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: It changed a bunch since then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But even so, who cares? You talked about perfectly straight roads, and like flying like lighting systems and all kinds of crazy features. Tech.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we can align the maps to each other that could be interesting, I'll be sick. Then we can unearth like cool, like old Grand Cory and treasure for us to loot. I mean liberate
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for our
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: because we've all we've been piecing it together, but never had like the definitive list.
Mike: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have you been drawing? By the way?
Yeah, i'm drawing flying ships.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking awesome. I was gonna say this particular. This particular session is like so many drawable moments. I'm not drawing right now, and I've I've noticed error wasn't really drawing either, or I was like, man. It'll be somebody's drawings in the shit, because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when you have the giant lighting sort of smashing the tower that's pretty sweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's great moments, and then the raising of the ship so awesome, great moment.
Timothy Sackton: Shall we role, play this really quickly before we go to bed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect.
Timothy Sackton: and then we can start next session in the morning. and then you can all level up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's like
Mike: cool
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some music. By the way, Tim, I don't have anybody else design your music
Timothy Sackton: is that is anybody hearing music, or is it just Kong?
Timothy Sackton: Let me just if I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Could we write down all those great questions we just thought of. Why not?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll remember them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's get let's.
Timothy Sackton: Now. Can you hear me?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: So as frog our returns and the sunset turns to night.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, we need conversation, music.
Timothy Sackton: and you
Timothy Sackton: settle into a meal of fancy whatever Del, with cooks with several antelopes.
Timothy Sackton: Rahlar sits down, and he
sort of looks at you all, and he says
Timothy Sackton: I thought I would
Timothy Sackton: thought I would want to hunt you, dom this hunt, find his children and the children's children, and all the descendants of that cursed line.
Timothy Sackton: and kill them all.
Timothy Sackton: But I don't think
Timothy Sackton: he looks up at the sky. Don't think that's worth.
Timothy Sackton: and that is beneath me. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: August, you're free.
You're free, my friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't. This is long gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hundreds of years gone.
Timothy Sackton: It is reassuring to know that drink or is no more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a new empire on the rise. a poly on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's shocking, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he remains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you know the sources of his power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We know that he wielded a a scepter and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: possibly a cloak. You know any of these the ways in which he kept drank, or he
Timothy Sackton: to not pay much attention
Timothy Sackton: to the Polyons doings. To be honest.
Timothy Sackton: he had some
Timothy Sackton: power in the ocean south of drink, or some strange island that was
Timothy Sackton: shielded from the winds.
Timothy Sackton: He never knew what he was doing there.
UU Church of Boulder: Where was that exactly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as well? He pulls out a map
Timothy Sackton: some distance south of drank, or in the ocean.
Timothy Sackton: You not know exactly how many miles as you would count them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any. Can you point where you think it might be on this map.
UU Church of Boulder: or a heading to follow
Timothy Sackton: south southwest from the city of Drank, or into what's labeled the Sea of Storms. On your map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, can you drop a little
Timothy Sackton: squints down.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so that would be like
Timothy Sackton: it would be off this minute. Right? It's
south. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: South-southwest so like this somewhere like here like
Timothy Sackton: below in the ocean below the bottom of this map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Circle Islands.
Timothy Sackton: What he did there
Timothy Sackton: cannot say.
Timothy Sackton: Sept. He always returns stronger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You never went to yourself.
Timothy Sackton: I could not. It was protected from the winds
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you spoke of the during Korean Empire, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the roads and the maps are the Rhodes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: carved straight into the into the land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strange lights. you remember where any of these roads were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: he.
Timothy Sackton: the toys of children, were not what I cared about.
Timothy Sackton: Maps are
okay.
Timothy Sackton: They are obsolete by the time they're drawn.
Timothy Sackton: Every drop of rain shifts the course of a river a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Every storm lows
Timothy Sackton: dust from the mountains elsewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Never!
Timothy Sackton: What does it tell you? It tells you what the world was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You remember them? And you just if there was even one one main road
Timothy Sackton: there. We still south of here.
Timothy Sackton: and I know
Timothy Sackton: I mean You've traveled on it right? It's this: the road that runs through Tokra is a drank Orion Road.
Timothy Sackton: This this road here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it?
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Tim. Should we continue this conversation next time? I think Book Mike and Mike and Eric are kind of out. Yeah, are you guys? You guys are falling asleep. We can. We can continue this next to him. That's fine.
Mike: I am sort of. I was gonna say it's. I mean, if we can do it. But i'm only sort of 20% here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kate's also in bed, and I think anywhere we've reached.
Timothy Sackton: Let's let's pick up the conversation with our next 10. So you'll remember what actually happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Randomly, Have any of you guys watched? Now, Ruto.
Timothy Sackton: I like to watch some of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has Isaac watched it. Do you watch some of it? Not all that. There's like a 1,000 episodes isn't there like 700 episode my girlfriend's super into. It was all that, and I started watching like the first 3 seasons, and it's like so much of it is applicable to d and d. So i'm like very. It's been. It's been really fun watching that that show actually so.